Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. My name is Tia and who do I have the pleasure of assisting today? Wow. Could be. Medicare starts. Okay. Have you received your red, white, and blue card as of yet? Okay. Let me see if I can. No, it'll, it'll be, it'll more than likely, it'll be around your birthday. Um, I'm going to try to see if I can see your part A and part B effective date. And then that'll let you know when you're, um, when your Medicare will start. And then we can take a look at some plans, um, to see what'll help you out. No, let me see. Yeah. Well, let's see if I can, if I can see it, um, hold on. No, it's going to be, it's more than likely it's going to be around your birthday. Provide me the spelling of your first name. Okay. And the spelling of your last name and your date of birth. 12, 15, 9. And your social. Okay. So let's see. Um, okay. So your part yet. Okay. So your part A and part B is going to, well, it started as of this month, January 1, 2024. Um, right now you only have original Medicare, um, where Medicare pays 80% and then you pay 20%. Um, so what we need to do is select a plan. So that was. Well, no, what, what, what you were referring to is that's what social security. The amount that they're taking out of your check is your part B premium. So the part B premium is something that all Medicare recipients have to pay. So all, okay, social security gives you the part A and part B. Medicare is. Is the insurance coverage. So I'm going to take a look to see. Let me see. But then when you do that, you're going to pay 20% of your cost. So what we're going to do is find something right. So what we're going to do is find something to pick up the, um, pick up the cost. Do you have a list of your doctors with you? Okay, hold. Hold on one moment. Let me bring up. Are you in Washington state, correct? Okay, hold on. Let me see something. Correct. Yes, that's what I'm looking at for you right now. Okay, what is the name of the doctor again? I'm sorry. N-O-M-A-N-C. Um, let me see. N-G-O. Okay, hold on. Is that his first name for me again? Does he take? Does, does, do you know if he accepts Medicare? Because this is, this wouldn't be with individual family and plans anymore. Not necessarily some people they don't or some people, um, or some people take care in, um, Medicare, certain, um, Medicare plans. Um, let me see something. So, I'm, what I'm looking at for you, what I'm looking at for you, I am looking at a well care plan for you. This one would give you, well, hold on. Let me check one more thing. Because I want to make sure there's dental hearing and vision. Okay. Okay, so I'm looking at a well care, um, Medicare Advantage plan for you, which is part C. This one does include dental hearing and vision. Let me look at the copays. Well, this one, well, this one, this one doesn't have a monthly premium. So we're not going to deduct anything out of your, out of your, out of your check. Your part B is already being deducted from social security. But this doesn't have a monthly premium. So it includes, correct. Yeah, you'll have, you'll have covered. I mean, if you want me to give you a plan with the, no, because you, you, you pay your dues. If that makes sense, you pay your dues. So, correct, that's correct. Do you take any prescription medications? Okay. So let's do, so we're going to do, we're going to include, um, we're going to include prescription drugs as well. On what pharmacy do you use? When you have, hold on, when you have met an original Medicare, you have part A, part B, and part D prescription drugs, right? So, no, part C is everything bundled together with additional benefits. So your part A is your hospital, your part B is your doctors, or medical, and part D is prescription drugs. So your part C is everything bundled together. So, with the prescription drug, what we're going to look first, what we're going to look first. Well, yeah, mostly every, mostly every state has part C, because part C is just Medicare advantage. So, all part C is doing issues bringing everything together and giving you additional benefits. Because depending on the area, the term is how much coverage you can get. Not every plan, yeah, not every plan offered the same thing. In a sense, yes. So, I'm going to take a look to see if your prescription drugs are covered with a well care plan. What pharmacy do you use? Okay, so you use Walmart pharmacy, hold on, hold on. Let me see, R34 team street, okay. And you have a list of your medications with you. You have a list of your medications with you. Okay. Yes, no problem. Yeah, if you have the bottles that's fine, what is it? You can spell it. You can spell it for me. Okay. What's the strength? What's the strength? And you take one per day? Okay. Yes. No, go ahead. Yeah, I wouldn't know. I wouldn't know. Yes. No, not a problem. 12.5. Okay. Let me see. Hold on, got to put in nitro. You said it's nitroglycerin? Got you. What's the strength for the nitroglycerin tablet? Okay. Well, I only have four. I have a tour of the stand-in. Let's start in. I got pantoprosol. Yeah, I have that one. Wait, wait, hold on. I got that. I got that. Mm-hmm. I got that one. Yep. Hold on. It sounds about right. Hold on. Very soft. Very soft. Okay. Okay. So the ferrous sulfate, that's like an iron medication. That would be considered something called over the counter. So with that, the plan that I'm looking at is going to come with an over the counter card. You can use that card to get the iron pills, the ferrous sulfate. Correct. No. Right. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. So I got your medications. Hold on. Let me go back. Because I want to see. No, it's not a problem. Yeah, you were probably calling during this season. So, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. During the season is. Yeah. So I'm taking a look on your medications. It would be covered with a well care plan. And you would have a zero dollar copay. Now the only thing. The only thing. The only. Okay. The only thing. No, go ahead. Of course. Not. Right. Right. No, I appreciate that. I definitely appreciate that. So let me see. Okay. So I'm looking at a well care plan for you. The Medicaid. Oh, I didn't go over the benefits. So it does include a dental hearing vision in prescription drugs. Of course, your medications. Your medications were covered. Now for your doctors, we need to go over that. I did check to see if the doctor that you gave me. I checked to see if he was in the network. He's not in the network. What we. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Well, it's not. It's not that I can't find them. He doesn't accept well cares. There's um Medicare advantage plan. Um, however, if you like, I can look for a doctor within your an, within your area that accepts well care. So let's see. Mm-hmm. No, it's not going to take that long. I have your zip code. So let's see. Do you prefer male or female? Or it doesn't matter. Okay. Okay, so let's see. No, no, no, what we're doing is what we're doing is you're going to enroll into the insurance, right? Now, as far as the doctor, I'm going to give you the doctor's information. If you want to give them a call to just introduce yourself if you want. You can't, if not, you don't have to. You don't have to do anything. So I have the doctor's name as Dr. Doug Kim. Let me, did you want his telephone number? No. Oh, no, no, no, no, I'm looking that he accepts, no, no, no, I'm looking at it now and he accepts the plan so you don't have to do anything. So you're, you're, you're, you're working with me so no, you don't have to do anything. I just wanted to make sure he accepts the plan. And then you'll receive, you'll receive like an ID card with his information on there as well. Well, here's the thing you have part A and part B, right? So you can use, yeah, so you could use that, but then you're going to pay a 20% cost. Now if you were to enroll in the plan, this plan, it's not going to take effect on until, until two, one. And then that way, instead of you paying the 20%, which is going to be too much, you'll only have to make your co-payment, see what I'm saying? That would be, that would be February 1st. You got A and B, yeah, because the reason, oh wait, no, your birthday code on your birthday is January 12th, so I'm going to see, so then we'll do a one, we'll do a January 1 effective day. I forgot your birthday is in January. So what we're going to do is, what we're going to do is the application. What I'm going to do is send you a link, is it easier for me to send you the link to your phone or your email. So we can't send out a paper application, if it's easier for you, what I can do is do the application with you over the phone. Okay, so allow me one moment, I'm just going to put some notes on your account, and then you're going to receive the link, and we're going to do the application together, okay? I'm going to give you, I'm going to give you my number and extension, and then you could be able to call me back, does that work for you? So my number is 1844-981-1407, no, no, 1407, okay, and my extension is 2864. My name is Tia, T-I-A, okay, not a problem, Mike, you enjoy the rest of your day, okay? Thank you, bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  We're just doing this and now we're just going to help Andy. My name is Mike McPherson and well, I'm just amazed that I got to speak to somebody so quick. You guys are not busy like usual. That's weird because it usually takes about an hour to speak to somebody. It does. Yeah, it does. It takes a long time. Yeah, when the phone rang I go, wow, that quick. It just must be that time of year or something because I've been trying to get a hold of Medicare for the long distance. Yeah, well, okay, this is what the situation is. I am a Medicare recipient. I'm going to start. I'm not calling to see when does it start because I already got my form filled out. I already went to the to the orientation and all that. They told me how much I was making and how much I'm going to have to teach up for my Medicare and all that. I just want to know when does my medic. Yeah, when does my Medicare start on my birthday January 1st or when does it actually start? That's not yet. This is on its way. That's it. They said that the first time I talked to him. Yeah, we'll be sending your card when you get it. And then I forget that, you know, is it at the beginning of the year? Is it effective or on my birthday? Right. Okay, well, thanks a lot. Okay, I'll just stay on the line. I'm already registered. I didn't know whether it was the beginning of the year or on my birthday, on my 61st birthday. Mike, M-I-A-E, M-C-P-H-E-R-S-O-N, 112-59. My card, I go back. What's that? 562-172-2100. But my two question is, when does this start? And what kind of covers do I have? Well, yeah, I mean, you know, they already told me they're about to take out of my check and everything for Medicare. And I was wondering why didn't they discuss the plan then? What if I wanted a higher plan or something that might have happened? You know what I mean? Okay, yeah. Yeah, I got that. Because right now, I do have insurance. But even without the card, I just got to go and say, hey, I got Medicare. No, look it up. Now I have it. Wow. I just have one doctor. That's a primary care doctor going through my chart. I see him every once in a blue moon or whatever. Name is Dr. Norman N-O-M-A-H-N-G-O. Norman, no. That's right. Until that covers it, everybody automatically gets, whether you want to get Plan C or any other plan, that's another story, right? And it depends on your area, right? So does Watson have Plan C? Is it Norman N-O-M-A-H-N-O-M-A-H? That's his first name. And his last name is N-G-O, but I don't believe it or not. And I think that spells no, I guess. With the G. Yeah, no. It's not something that is my primary care doctor. At first it was Dr. Fong and then he switched it. Yeah. N-O-M-A-H. No, Norman. That's how it spells. And his last name is N-G-O-M-A-H-N-G-O. I would think everybody would take Medicare, right? Really? What did I do? Wow. Everybody's calling me here. But you're more important. Okay. So are you going to automatically deduct that out of my check? Is it upgraded? You don't need? Yeah. Okay. But I will. I would still have a coverage, right? Even though I don't have a premium. When the other person is using. And I've never heard of it. It's not getting there and receiving premium with for the services, you know. I expect that's the automatic. No no no no. You tell him that that's his idea, you know. But I'm just, you know, I'm just. You know, surprise him. Yeah. You don't have to pay. Really? Oh, well yeah, that's all you got to. Yeah. Okay. Okay, another one I put my hours in and that's why I'm not doing oh, well good Because at first I was kind of surprised that I didn't get social security and Medicare was in collaboration They will hold on we're gonna set your Medicare up, but we're gonna deduct your Medicare plan off of that So we're gonna automatically take that out of there Because it's like they're working in collute Medicare and Social security, you know what I mean? Well, yes. Yeah, I definitely Yeah, I do Even tell me that when you have Medicare, that's not all the medically included prescription of all plan I know that I didn't know that I've done the prescription with me Well Right I could have that coverage Am I eligible and my eligible for that coverage? Oh, I mean, I would oh, okay I thought you would know top-end okay watching can Tennessee so and so they don't have plan C but just make that that state that this you don't mean like you guys would already know that What state doesn't Okay, well why do they keep well why do you always say depending on your area? You know, okay Also, that's that's that's all that Everybody get see Everybody you see just depend on how much of see you get that would you say it? Are you the one on three 14 that believe the Walmart on three four kids in federal way? Yes Yeah What's that why I give you a list of me if that's necessary On here, I will look at my chart and I hate guys, okay, okay, hold on Okay, hold on Okay, hold on let me see you back to it I got open up my My chart okay here we go again My I got it right here I might as well just read it off the label here here we go ready Yes, I got I got Aboriginal you're 10 Abbott's Abbott's my last let me get my glasses Okay, here we go, okay the first one is what we did spell it is called advert I'll add to our verbation and ATA Huh, that's what I was gonna do It's just before you interrupt to be okay, it's a to all are V-A-S-T-A-T-I-N Calcium tablets. That's what these are and I got And then I What's that? But what's a strange? Oh, it's a strange is 20 milligram Yeah, one per day I take all these four pills once a day actually five of them when in the afternoon Okay, do you want the other one third is that all right? Okay, okay, the other one is called a lawson a law Laws attack L-O-S-A-R-T-A-N 25 milligrams and the other one is and And to zooprosial okay, it's P-A-N-T-O-P-R-A-Z-O-L-E 40 milligrams quantity 30 and this one here is guy it's the labels rubbed off a bit It's a pink small pill, but the label's rubbed off a bit Is a pink, you know, is a tiny pink is yellow. Oh, is it tiny pink pill is my fist one? I know I can't tell you that the labels ripped off here Oh, and it's called Laura's you Timothy, let me open up my Me this year Oh, yeah You got the four right, okay? Okay, here we go. Let me see I found capital letter. Thanks for your patience It takes a long time. You know, there's so much to talk about. Yeah, yeah Okay, okay, I got it. Here we go. Here we go right on Okay, meditation Okay Okay Okay, right on here. Okay Pants is the pros are 40 milligrams Larza, Larza 10, 25 milligrams I got nitro glycerin pill Did they hear me just to hold on to if I really really did it, but that's what I got. It's not like I need a prescription for it You know what I mean? They just give me a bottle and for you, okay, I got the nitro glycerin 0.4 milligrams Okay, then I got a Okay, ATORB A-S-T-A-T-I-N 20 milligrams Then I got this The hydro that's as low as I'll tell you about it's called the hydrochloral Okay, it's H-Y-D as in dog R-O-C as in cat H-L-O-R-O-T-H-A-A-Z-I-D-E 12.5 milligram tabs Then those are so those you see that five of them, right? There's a nitro glycerin contaminant that isn't a small talent Yeah, they prescribed prescribed for me. I don't know if it's on a regular basis I never even used one yet, but they just gave it to me for you know, because I'm just listening to everything they gave me Then I'm on popular means You know it's not That I don't even use, so but it's just there. I mean, you know, it's okay But the other ones I take on a regular basis is that I don't know why I mentioned nitro, but the other ones is one One's I take every day The five pills that I mentioned to you Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, here we go. You got the patches of patches over here, right? 40 milligrams You got to see these. Okay, I'm going to see you. I got the panator. You got that, right? How about that? Uh-huh, lower sword pen. You got the little sword pen 25 milligrams Okay And there's a nitro. You don't have to have that and then there's a there's an ad tour of face and tin ATORB. You got that Then I got the hydrochloridide that it hasn't like 15 letters done. You got that with 12.5 Okay, and then you go. Okay, then the other one is a Ferrous sulfate 325 I guess that's ironfield Okay Yeah Yeah, yeah, Ferrous, yeah, that's it So those are the pills Yeah, cuz I never had to pay for before even though I didn't There's so many I'm gonna go to the counter, but you want to pay for I'd say how no you go ahead, you know, I mean Yeah, okay You know Mama's different. No fool. You know what I mean? This is amazing. Get whatever you get Cuz they play in the archive really play about pay for shit I can't believe you're talking to me healthy me. I've got this and never happened. That's what it got This guy They get people you know, but the hour away is ridiculous. I doubt I had to phone number when they are long phone number when you answered it And this is too quick Yeah, that's yeah, yeah, like I was trying to get my fans here. I just retired. I'm trying to check down that chicken Everybody would try to crime into the telephone line You know I'm not that long. Oh That's awesome. That's awesome You know what I can tell you I can tell you you're I'm half black myself. That's what I'm saying that. Go ahead Did he tell me I didn't matter but Go ahead I'll just say because it's uh, I can tell right at the back and it's just comforting and it seems like somebody can understand my position You know what I mean like I'll take care of you if the comforting feeling. Thank you You know, and I knew you last but that because you know you A white people are sometimes they go like oh They sigh on the phone and they you know the room you know, like you know, I got time for this a lot of black people It need help you know Yeah There was really you know hold of him to make an appointment with him They told me that he's in town right now, but that's a that's the doctor. I have no man No, and I mentioned that to them. Oh, he's trying to know. Oh, okay. I know. I know. No When I talk to the office and now here you are you're telling You're now you're telling me like there's no sign of no no You give me the right to know there isn't no there's a doctor. No man. No I don't know why you can't find it. I mean, uh, I went to the um Okay, well So is that going to be a law of duty like if I don't know who I am or do I got to see them tell low and teach myself or make them do I got to do all that just to get the insurance Okay, sounds Korean. Okay Don't come I mean, I mean, so like do we have to make this meeting for order for me to have a shirt through him No, do I say hello my uh, would you expect me okay? I'm in the medicare and all that Okay Okay Oh my god When do I get my actual medicare car? Because uh, when the sound of it If from the sound of it is um, my insurance is activated now, right? Like what's that? I go to the doctor Huh? Well, I don't have a prescription What do you know? Oh, yeah Yeah, I'm talking about it. We'll have him Okay, so Okay, so in other words you'll make it so like if something were to happen I'm going to any hospital now and I go to a and b when is that the whole of your bank cover When I walk out of here, I got a b and c with with that active Oh really so I got wait till February, but I got a video still, right? I'm actually It takes a month for it to kick in You can't wait. Well, that's what I'll say it. It's anywhere No Well, I say what can you just send me the paper then and I'm not good at that you know what I mean? I'm 65 Yeah, I'm just not you know, just send me a This is gonna be a task. It's It's a deal Okay, okay, go ahead. Go ahead Oh, no, this is this is uh, I got a problem here. Uh, is there any way you could call me back and my phone is dying It's dying Yeah, oh yeah, yeah, I can see how I'm trying to kind of yeah because my phone is on red right now and you know, okay, hold on here Okay, hold on here Okay, um great give me the number one eight four four nine eight one zero four seven one four go ahead zero seven one four zero. Okay, what? Okay, that's your number station two eight four Hey, what's your name? Pia Pia, okay Okay, thank you. Let me go ahead and throw this phone up and up. Yeah, I'll call you later on, okay I'm gonna choose. I get hold of you again. Thank you bye-bye