Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hello, it's just hello with this smiley. Hi, Miss Miley. This is lovely, but from well care. How are you doing? Mm-hmm. Okay, you received the dental cards. What do they say on the front of them? Okay. Oh, okay, take your time, okay? Yes, I'm sorry. I am so sorry. I was finishing up a couple other calls. Well, a call that kept dropping. So I apologize. Okay. Did you go on a walk like you went on a walk to the park or oh, okay, how's the weather out there? Mm-hmm. That's okay there. Honestly, there's been so much going on. I've been more unorganized than I normally am out, you know, out in my regular life and it could be a little frustrating. It's just so much going on. While you're doing that, I'm going to pull up your information, okay, with Medicare. And just really quick, I do have to say the call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. I know I just have to say. You got it. No, okay. So, okay. Okay. Okay, give me just a moment. I found your plan. So I specifically worked with well care. It looks like after we had spoken, we enrolled you, you went ahead and enrolled with etna. Do you remember enrolling with someone else after we spoke? So somebody, okay, hold on and you have no, nobody else is your power of attorney. You don't have anybody that makes decisions for you that would have went and enrolled you with a different company. Would you? Okay. So give me just a moment then because I'm looking at Medicare system. Yep. It says, etna preferred Medicare or dual. Etna Medicare dual preferred HMO DSMP is what you were enrolled into. Let me see if I can find the date of that. But either way, we can get you into the well care plan. I just need to see something because nobody should have your information. You know what I'm saying? Jimmy just a moment because we do want you to start receiving all the benefits that you're entitled to. You know, it's the first of the year, especially that extra spending money. Really? Okay. Okay. Right. Oh, you have to be very careful of that. I grew up. I had one of my best friends, her grandmother used to have seizures and that her mom had taught her because she used to leave them at the house. I don't really understand the science behind it, but you know, things happened so they had to teacher had to put a spoon when she started to have the seizures on her tongue. I don't know if that's really what the doctors recommend, but she used the bite up her tongue when she would have the seizures very pretty bad. And I don't know if the spoon helps that. Let me see. Okay. So this is what I'm going to do. I'm going to reach out to my super really quickly because you were enrolled into a different plan than we did for you after I did the application and got to approve for it. So I'm going to reach out to my supervisor. We're going to go ahead and get you back into this plan so you can get those grocery benefits. I just have to reach out to him to see what the timeline would be. Okay. Okay. So I'm going to place you on a whole for just about three minutes and I'll be right back with you. Okay. Okay. Thank you so much. Okay. Hello. Okay. So we're going to go ahead and do a quick review. We're going to do a review of the plan. We have to resubmit your application to original Medicare to get it approved. Once they approve it, then we can see if they can back date it to the first otherwise it would start the first of next month, but because it is annual annual open enrollment is over and it's a new season. They don't take as long to get approved. So this is what I'm going to do. I'm going to pull up the information we have here so I could just make sure I still have the correct information for you. You still use the Walmart pharmacy for your prescriptions. Okay. And then you have a primary care doctor. Is it. Good job. God John deep. Okay. That's okay. Once the last time you've been to your primary care doctor has it been a while. Two months. Okay. I have a primary care doctor here on file that you had given me that you do go to regularly. And it's God John deep. Grow well. Give me just a moment. I just have to make sure that your primary care doctor is in network. So that way we wouldn't have to get you a new one. If you don't want a new one. Okay. Yeah. This primary care doctor that we have on file for you is in network. First choice health plan. Ask very circle. Howdy spurred. Okay. And then do you see any other doctors besides that primary care doctor? Only that one. Okay. And then do you have. Are you home? Okay. Do you have your medications? Your list of medications ready? Your medications? You take medications, right? Okay. Can you pull those out for me? I have your pharmacy, but I don't have your medications in the system. But I mean, I can call Walmart pharmacy to get the list if you'd like me to. Would you rather me do that? Okay. Okay. I do completely understand that I completely understand. So I will call Walmart pharmacy because I do want to make this as easy as possible for you. And I'm only here to help take the take the weight off your shoulders. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to call Walmart pharmacy get the prescription. But I'm going to keep watch on this application and make sure everything goes through smoothly. Okay. So I want you to stay on the line, but I'm going to get Walmart pharmacy on the line and I'll make this as effort list as possible after I get your prescriptions. We're just going to review everything one more time. And then I can either send you the application on your phone and it takes about five minutes or I can just read it to you through my end. So give me just a moment. I'll be right back. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Well, thank you. I have Miss Sally smiley on the line and we need a list of her prescriptions. Okay. Who is this? My name is lovely bow. And I'm with well care the insurance on the right. Now what we need a list of her prescriptions. One moment. Okay. Okay. Thank you. All right. And how many of those per day? Okay. And. Okay. And how many milligrams of the service that in? Okay. And the eloquence you said five milligrams, right? Not many times a day. Okay. Just those. Okay. Okay. Let me just. Yeah. I know it's tricky with prescription. Sometimes I sometimes I do talk to recipients who may take. Man, we may go over 30. Some of them of course they take only once a week, but some of them they could take up to four times a day. Okay. I'm almost done with this part. Okay. Right. And normally they're the text they'll be like, okay, and they'll just call them off real quick. They because the way we have it in the system, we could just type it in. Like the first couple of letters and it comes up. We get the doses and everything. But it seems like she didn't want to help because there's no reason to really put us on hold if I'm being honest. And she normally would just say is it okay if I give her the list of prescriptions and that's it. And that's it. But it's okay. So I was able to pull up all three of your medications on this planet tier one. Any medications that are on this planet are tier one zero dollars. So you don't you pay zero dollars when you go to the pharmacy every time to get them. So I'm going to review the rest of the plan so we can go ahead and do the form. Okay. So the well, the name of the plan is called well care dual access HMO DSMP is zero dollars for the premium zero dollars medical deductible zero dollar annual prescription deductible all three of your medications are tier one zero dollars. Of course, you're eligible for this plan because you have Medicare and Medicaid combined into one. So you will get three thousand dollars including but not just limited to cleanings x-rays or exams treatments, feelings, dentures, bridges, crowns, root canals all at a zero dollar member co payment. The hearing benefit on this plan is going to give you one thousand dollars worth of. So worth of money to go towards hearing aids per year per year. Of course, if you need annual exam tiering a fittings and evaluations, that's zero dollars that doesn't take away from your hearing aid benefit. And then you are going to get two hundred dollars for context glasses lenses or frames medical transportation is included zero dollars to 61 way trips every year. You are going to receive one hundred eighty dollars every single month that is loaded that is going to be loaded on to the debit card that we're going to send you in the mail. So of course, after we do the form once you get approved, I'm going to keep in touch with you to make sure you receive that so we can get it activated as soon as possible. Okay. You went to bed hungry. I am still going to see what we can do for you at what I'm going to do after we finish the application today. I'm going to reach back out to my supervisor to see if it's proper for us to get Medicare in on the line. Now instead of waiting until the application is approved so they can back date it because nobody honestly should have your information to enroll you into a different plan that takes you away from these benefits. But I just have to finish the form with you first, okay. So I know all of you know all of your co-payments are zero dollars, but I'm required by law to read them off to you. So here we go. Acupuncture is included in this plan for zero dollars in home support services offered at zero dollars for twelve tourist service visits every year prior authorization may be included. Tour service visits can be anything from cleaning, helping you, they're helping you get dressed. It's separate from a home health aid. If you need that, of course, that's included, okay. Ambulance services, ambulatory surgery centers, zero dollars. Chiropractic services are included as zero dollar co-payment per visit, zero dollars for twelve visits every year in addition to Medicare covered. We went over the dental benefit, diabetic self-management training is zero dollars. Diabetic supplies is zero dollars. Diabetic therapeutic shoes are inserted to zero dollars. Diabetic services, including genetic testing, doctors office for primary care specialty, durable medical equipment, even things like a medical grade better zero dollars emergency room care zero dollar co-payment per visit, zero dollars for fitness membership, zero dollars for home health care, most immunizations of zero dollars, zero dollar co-payment for up to 90 days for admission. If you're in a hospital, zero dollars for 30 additional hospital days on top of that, zero dollars for inpatient mental health care stays. Members who qualify are also eligible to receive meals delivered right to their door to improve their health outpatient mental health care to zero dollar for individual or group outpatient mental health care or psychiatric services outpatient rehabilitation services, cardiac rehabilitation, pulmonary rehabilitation. Occupational therapy physical of speech language therapy or zero dollars is zero dollars for diagnostic colonoscopy outpatient hospital non surgery outpatient hospital surgery or all zero dollars. Zero dollars for individual or group therapy Medicare covered podiatry services is zero dollars routine podiatry services or zero dollars for six visits every year. Most services are covered at zero dollars cost share please refer to your evidence of coverage for more information prosthetic devices or zero dollars renal dialysis zero dollars skill nursing facility zero dollar co payment per day for days 1 through 100. Transportation zero dollars for 61 way trips every year urging care zero dollars division benefit on the plan covers your routine I exams and gives you $200 for contact less as long as it frames there's a zero dollar prescription deductible. Let's see. All right, give me just a moment. I'm going to prepare the form for you. I'll be right back so we can finish up. Okay. Okay, thank you. All right, thank you. I'll be right back. Okay, hello. Okay, thank you so much for your patient. So what I'm going to do since we reviewed the planning you want to enroll. I'm going to go ahead and send. I just filled out the form for you. I'm going to send it to your cell phone. Are you tech savvy? Are you able to click through your cell phone and make sure everything I have is correct and answer a few questions. You didn't work. Okay, so then what I'm going to need to do. I'm going to need to do an enrollment on an inbound call. So you have my phone number and extension right. Okay, my extension is 402. I need you to. Okay, it's just in order to do the enrollment. It has to be on an inbound call. So, but it'll only take about 10 minutes if you're able to hang up and call me right back. If you don't give me just ask for lovely and they'll send you right over to me. Okay. Okay, I'll talk to you in just a moment. Okay, thank you.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. I was calling you to see why I hadn't received my full card and I haven't received none but two dental cards. Well, just a minute. Let me get in the front of my side. I'm in the safe. Yeah. I figured you'd call me back when I started walking back home. Oh, well, I'm gonna tell you what the call I say in a minute. As soon as I can get to the front, I can stand and get out the safe. I'm going through to show you. I'm tired. I'm walking up to my side. It's cold as hell. It's warming up a little bit. Man, I'm a fan of two. I'm in my pocket somewhere. Follow me. I can't seem to keep up with shit this year. Yeah. Okay, the P1 got a little furry. It's got medical HMO Anita medical dental. I mean, Edna. Okay. I prefer H-M-O-D. Now it's N-S-N-P. Then it's got planned. Zero zero zero zero three. M-S zero zero zero zero zero three. Your ID card is here. Do you have a security number while website visit Anita and a slant register now to set up get ready to manage claims you plan detail no more. No, no. Yeah, because I'm home with you. I ain't got to get at my house. I eat not even a loaf of bread. So I had to get up and walk up my brother's house trying to see what he got to eat. Now I'm trying to get back home so I can take my medicine. Because I don't want to hang on no seizures just here. Last time I'm getting my phone so bad it was almost took a month for it to get well. Yes, yes, yes. I don't even remember and I don't know where the paperwork is. Yes, then by two months. Yeah, my work. Yes. And whatever you got on that thing is the same thing is the same thing now. Whatever you got to do. I'm just I'm just scrap and I ain't feeling like looking for nothing around here. I'm saying it's a mess to how to show up on hunger and I'm tired and I'm sick of going to this stuff. The same I'll say. All right. Okay. I'm taking that. You got L-E-B-C-R-A-C-N-T-A-M-C-A-M. 500 milligrams is three. And then you got a Tory Stadden, L-E-Q-S-5 milligrams. I guess about 25. I really don't remember. I threw up my bottle in the trash. One time. That's it. Just some three. There's enough and two minutes. Because she must have took a break one outside of DSM. Don't take that in on the pool or nothing else. Exactly. Yeah. We are for some hungry food right now. I want to be at home. Yeah. It's not going to come through. That's why I said. Don't send it to the phone because it's not going to try that before. And it didn't work. I don't know what I did with this sentence. I don't have no plans on them laying down.