Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Good morning, my name is Crystal Champion calling from WellCare Medicare. May I speak with David McMillan? Good morning, Mr. McMillan, happy new year. Okay, so as I promised, I'm returning your call so that we could go ahead and get you enrolled. I took the liberty of looking up the doctors. You left for me? Okay, and if I didn't state this call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. I don't have a primary care doctor for you. Okay, so are you open to us putting a primary doctor on your application? Okay, we can find one in the system here for you this morning. Okay, is there a specific facility you'd like to go to? Okay, Jones Medical. All right, and in the case you become ill, is there a hospital you prefer to go to? Anderson, let me see, Mississippi. Okay, boom, there we go. Oh yes, I do apologize for the silence. It sounds like you're a bit out and about. Now, the application, oh okay. I was going to say the application itself, it may take at least a good 15 minutes. If you want me to give you a call a bit later this morning. Okay, awesome. Now, I would also like to dig in into your current coverage. Want to make sure you don't have a supplement or something from a former employer put in place for you. Okay. Now, do you remember signing into any health insurance from a former employer? Okay. Any VA or tricare benefits? Okay, beautiful. I did find the Jones family clinic. It says Laurel. Okay, let me go back, because I did see a few of them. Let me see which one. Okay, there we go. And phase springs. Alrighty, so we have your hospital. That's going to be Anderson and your primary care physician. I already have your medications. I'm just going to go over those with you to make sure I have it correct. Okay. I have Omefrazol, 20 milligrams. Lowvastin. Okay. Carvitalol. Lasartin. Montelucas. Amitripling and your two albuteroles. Okay. Phryrosamide. Okay. Let me put that in there. There we go. The sleeping pill. Is that the ampere? I think I have the amperepling. Yeah. Okay. And I just put the phryrosamide in there. So all of your medications are at a pure one, and you should be able to fill those at a zero dollar co-payment. What pharmacy do you prefer to go to? Okay. Let's look that up. Yeah. And raise raise. Okay. I do see a standard on six street. Yeah. Okay. So start the plan. We're signing you up for here today with well care. It's going to be the well care dual liberty HMOD SNP plan. Now the plan itself comes at a zero dollar monthly premium. And any of your coverage services will also be at a zero dollar co-payment. Okay. Now a wonderful thing about the plan is as you may see advertised a lot of members receive a multi-purpose spending card that you could use towards groceries, utilities, rental assistance over the counter items. With this plan you will have access to that card. It's going to have $200 and $10 for you every month. Okay. Now I am obligated to go over the rest of the services for you. So you're going to have access to your primary care physician in any specialist. I have checked your specialist to make sure they're in network for you when they are. Okay. Inpatient hospital stays that's a zero dollar co-pay up to 120 days. You'll have access to outpatient services whether surgical or non-surgical and a annual colonoscopy also zero dollars. Preventive care that includes a long list of cancer screenings and a long list of vaccinations for you. Oh, I do apologize. Let me back up here, sir. Before I'm supposed to go over any planned details, I do have to play our recorded disclaimer for you. It takes 90 seconds, okay? Okay. Thank you. Here we go. Tuesday, January 2, 2023. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a planned slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a planned slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare Advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by Autodilor or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. Alrighty, thank you so much for your patience and agreeance to that disclaimer, sir. So back to the plan, you will also have access to emergency care as well as urgent care services, that is $0 copane. Okay, any of your diagnostic services, that includes labs, imaging, diagnostic testing and procedures, X-rays, EKGs, MRIs, and CAT scans, that is $0 copane as well. Okay, hearing service, you are going to have access to an annual hearing exam, hearing aid fitting and evaluation. The plan will also offer you up to $2,000 per year towards hearing aids for you each year. Okay, dental services, that includes preventative and comprehensive services, fluoride treatments are included, dental X-rays, oral exams, dentures, fillings, extractions, and of course at a $0 copane. Now for your comprehensive dental services, the plan will only offer $4,000 each year. Okay, vision will include your annual exam, diabetic retinopathy and glaucoma screening, the plan will also offer $400 towards any corrective devices. Okay, mental health services, inpatient is $0 copane up to 90 days, you will also have access to individual and group therapy. Skill nursing facility, that is a pun being released from a hospital, if you cannot return home, that is also $0 up to 100 days for you. Okay, any therapy and rehabilitation services, that includes physical, speech, occupational, pulmonary, cardiac, $0 copane as well, your ground and air ambulance services. Let's see, transportation, you will have access to unlimited rides each year to and from any doctor or specialist. That's $0 copane, we use lift for that service. Okay, Medicare Part B medication, so things such as chemotherapy and radiation fall under this category, that's also offered at a $0 copane. Okay, now in order to maintain that $0 copane for any of these services, you just have to make sure you go to a facility that's in network for well care. Okay, okay, if you have a problem with finding out if something's in network, I'm going to give you my name and number, just give me a call or give member services a call. Okay, insulin or allergy antigens are offered, also $0 copane, chiropractic services, acupuncture, podiatry, home health care agency. That is a $0 copane, I can't tell you how many days you would be approved, but it is offered. Okay, virtual health visits, that is a nurse practitioner or physician available via Skype or over the phone 24-7. Medical supplies and equipment, that includes oxygen, breathing machines, nebulizers, wheelchairs at a $0 copane as well. Opioid treatment and last but not least would be in-home support services. That is one of our licensed clinicians can come out to your home, maybe two hour increments each time, help you clean up, administer medicine, whatever you need. Okay, and then of course you do have your well care spendables card, it equals out to $2,520 additional dollars in your pocket each year that you can use towards groceries, rental, utility assistance or over the counter items. Okay, so we have that there, let me finish a bit of paperwork for you then we can open your application, get you back to your morning. Okay, so I do apologize for the silences, I finished this for you. Thank you. Any questions for me about the plan? Okay, we have that there, there we go, one moment sir. Alrighty, so now you did miss the window of annual enrollment, the last three months of last year. So I do need to place you on a brief hold so I can ask my supervisor for permission before processing this application, we don't want any kickbacks. Okay, me one moment. Hello, Mr. McMillan. Okay, so I just sent you a link via text message to the phone you're using now, did you receive it? Okay, now if you could open that link it has about three pages, you can confirm or just look over the information we've gone over here today, you shouldn't have to change anything. And then submit that back to me and your application is done. Okay, I'm going to stay right here on the phone with you while you do that so we can make sure it's done. No, I don't, no sir. Now on that second page you may ask you to confirm some of those, some of that information, you shouldn't have to change anything just confirm. And at the very end, or closer to the end, it may ask you how do you, you don't have any other coverage. It won't let you go past it. That's different. Did you click anything before that? That may indicate that you have coverage because I didn't put any other coverage in here for you. No, let me see. No, and then have your profile pulled up so you don't have any other coverage. It still won't let you go past. What options does it give you? Is there any way you could put in a for not applicable? Awesome, there we go. Is it telling you to do anything else? Awesome, did it provide a confirmation number for you? It should start with the age. Can you read that to me? Alrighty, awesome. Thank you for that, Mr. McMillan. Now once again, my name is Crystal Champion. If you have any questions about your plan or coverage, you can always give me a call back in. You have my call back number? You still have it saved. Okay, awesome. Before I let you go here today, I'm just going to get you over to our verification team. It takes them maybe 10 seconds. They're just going to make sure you intended to enroll in this plan today. Alrighty, I'm glad to help Mr. McMillan hold the line for me. Hi, David. This is Lydia. I'm here on the ClearMatch customer care team. Are you having a good day so far? Great. Just to let you know this call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. I'm going to keep this short and sweet, get you off the phone. I'm showing you enrolled in the well care dual liberty with Mr. Champion for February 1. Is that what you understood? And this is a special needs plan for people who have both Medicare and Medicaid. So if you're level of Medicaid, category changes just notify Mr. Champion as your conch share. May also increase or decrease to job over your doctors and prescriptions. Did you all go over your doctors and prescriptions? I'm asking. Okay. And you have her phone number if you need her for any reason. Lastly, I want to ensure that we have your permission to call if there's any needed follow-up. By saying yes, you're simply consenting and agreeing that we can call text or voice mail you with information about this plan and our services. We may use an auto dialer or pre-recorded message long story short in the next 10 to 14 days. You're going to receive two envelopes. One's going to be the welcome packet. One's going to be the ID card. We are going to call, make sure you got it. See if you have any additional questions at that time. Now lastly, do you have a steady safe place to live? Do you worry that your food's going to run out before you have money to buy more? I'm sorry, I'm trying my best. Can you hear me now? Do you worry that your food's going to run out before you have money to buy more? Have you fallen in the last six months or worried about falling? Have you stayed overnight in the hospital or been to the emergency room in the last 12 months? Okay. Thank you for that. Do you have any health conditions that you take prescription medications for regularly like high blood pressure, diabetes, cholesterol, anything? Which ones? All right. And do you need assistance walking, trusting, bathing, doing everyday tasks? I'm sorry. Okay. So yes, you do need help. Do you have transportation, walking, trusting, doing everyday tasks? Okay. And do you have a... Where you live, do you have to worry about mold, lead paint, anything like that? You do? Goodness. So is there someone there to help you if you need help? Okay. All right. And all right. I want to thank you again for enrolling with us. Is there anything else I can assist you with today before I let you go? All right. Thank you so much. Have a good day.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Yes, ma'am, this is him, same to you. Yes, ma'am. No, I just go to a clinic down here in my time. I mean, he'd really, you know, I really don't just have no primary doctor. So, I see any of my doctors who have, I go to it, I ain't no main doctor I see. Yeah, what they want, they want available. Well, I don't know them doctor named that, ma'am. Okay. All right. I go to Jones, a medical guy in a bay three in Mississippi. I go to Anderson in a reading Mississippi. You see here, ma'am? Okay, okay. I'm riding some of my car, but I'm doing them. No, ma'am, let's start. Okay. No ma'am. No ma'am. Okay. That's it. That's it. A bay three. Well, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a branch of the law, but they have one in our bay three. Okay. Okay. Yes, ma'am. Uh-huh. Yes, ma'am. Okay. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Well, you, you didn't, you didn't send my car for use, ma'am. That was just just a fool with this. I do, I don't, I won't say I do take a seat with you, ma'am. Yeah, I think you have a triple meeting or something like that. Okay. Uh, standard in bay screen. Uh, I can't sell it in bay screen yet. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Okay, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Okay. Uh. Okay. Uh. Okay. Okay. Okay. Good man. Okay. Good man. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. Okay. You know what I'm saying. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. You want to see if I'm out today? You do? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. We'll come this way. We'll come this way here. here. White. Yeah, white. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We'll call them on the food. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Now about zero I did a life. That's Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay