Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling clear match medicare my name is she want to isn't why this call is being monitored and reported for quality and training I have a pleasure speaking with today. I'm mr. Cougar. How are you? Oh, that's not good We gotta get you better mr. Cougar You should still be covered. What are you trying to do with your medicare? Oh? Okay, do you have a do you have a part C? Okay, you wanted to get a part C We can do the help. What's your day to birth? Which is up how? You're in Eugene, Oregon So please note that we don't offer every plan available in your area Currently, we represent 11 organizations organizations which offer 85 products in your area. You can contact medicare.gov 1-800 medicare Let's see Now before I can review your additional benefit to medicare does require that I review some disclosure with you So I am gonna put a 90-second recording at the end of that recording. I'll bring you back on to the line and we'll figure out how we can get you Part C added to your medicare benefit. Okay 90 seconds. Oh, no, no, 90 seconds Give me one second This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan Clear match medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex If you speak a language other than English language assistance services free of charge are available to you TTY users may dial 711 for assistance Plans are insured or covered by a medicare advantage HMO, PPO and PFFS organization with a medicare contract and or a medicare approved part Enrollment in the plan depends on the plans contract renewal with medicare In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason We will need to reach you at this number even if it is on the do not call list Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls Text that this number including by auto-dialer or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the do not call list This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 Or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com Before we get started today We will discuss medicare advantage plans medicare supplements prescription drug plans dental vision or any ancillary plans such as cancer Heart attack stroke accident and hospital coverage Thank you for your patience. Do you understand and agree to the just time I played about calls and texts as this number All right, do I have your permission to discuss medicare advantage plans medicare supplements prescription drug plans dental vision or any ancillary plans such as cancer heart attack stroke And hospital coverage is needed today All right No second here Then you said you had your red, white, and blue cards. I'm going to read you a brief statement you're under no obligation to enroll But I will need your consensus and statement before proceeding with the plan presentation It is important that the information provided is correct to the best of your knowledge And an attempt to avoid delays of your enrollment application being processed We would like to verify your information with CMS prior to enrollment submission Do we have your consent to complete this verification? Please note that during the validation CMS may provide details regarding your eligibility which could assist your license agent which is in the plan that best suits your need one What is that medicare number one moment you have medicare medicare Okay, I think that cards come help you mr. Kruger give me a second here Let me pull up and make sure you don't have any medicare because it's showing the chance a little bit of swamp Come in What year were you born 51 is that what you told me mr. Kruger you said you were born in 1951 5 4 921 Okay There with me here So kind of plans a little on the area Now you're going the doctor that you're going to let's make sure the doctor is in network Is this your primary care doctor that you're going to Okay, and what is that doctor's name B-o-l-a-n-d-o-s B-o-l-a-n-d-o-s correct Oh, oh, no, D Got it. That's all right. I was The plan All right, got it You see her on chambers street Okay I see what plans she take because she may not take this original original medicare, which is what you have Do you take any medications any prescription medication? All right, very good I'm going to put you on this will care no premium since you don't have any prescriptions that you take this particular Plan is a no premium plan does not cost you a dime Um, it's no deductible for medical Uh five thousand six hundred dollar maximum amount of pocket Um hospital coverage is four four hundred and sixty five dollars per day for days one to four five zero dollars per day for days five to ninety Outpatient hospital services zero dollar copay for diagnostic colonoscopies four hundred dollar copay for all other outpatient services Doctors visit primary care doctor zero dollars specializes forty-five Preventative care zero Diagnostic services lab services is zero um you do get um hearing aids up to five hundred dollar allowance for each year Dental Let's see You're one thousand five hundred dollars a year for dental Give up to a hundred dollars for your glasses and You don't take any prescription drugs There is a physical fitness program that is offered in here is called silver sneakers You can go out to a participant participating um gym Get gym membership if you like Um Over-the-counter items you get ninety-eight dollars every quarter of preloaded over-the-counter on a well-care spendables card You'll get that every January, April, July, October And it expires on the last day of each quarter So it'll stay on there for three months you can use it for like vitamins and over-the-counter items Toilet paper paper towels things like that Okay And that is your plan all right, so now how good are you with your text messages mr. Kruger Okay, I'm gonna send you a link to in-roll okay But we'll try it we'll try it and see what what comes out of it, okay I'm gonna be filing for a second while I fill out the paperwork, okay All right All right, I'm here now just at the end here You should be getting a text message here in the moment and I'm gonna walk you through how to fill it out, okay It's real real simple Your new insurance is gonna be with well-care This will be your part c so now you have a abc and d D is your prescription drug coverage, okay? All right Yeah, we've got to update your address are you still on Sutherland Lane? Okay Did you get a did you get my text message Hey, just just open that up and there should be a blue hyperlink next to you says you're in roman link I'm just tap that blue yeah, tap that blue hyperlink. It should love for you Mm-hmm It should be a blue link it should see some blue words with a line underneath it Mm-hmm where it said where where those blue alert the anywhere where those blue words are in the in the in the in the highlight I mean underline and and it should come up and and page should come up and it should have your name on it Give me a second. I'm sending it to myself real quick so I can so I can uh follow along with you having done I'm not been on vacation. I don't find the ones Say again Okay Okay, I'm opening the blue hyperlink and First thing that opens up it should be your name. It should say my information is that should say congratulations now Let's get you enrolled, right? I think you still on the um Okay, so from your message It should say your enrollment link. So let's go back to the message. You know nothing should ask for your email Go to your text messages. Uh-huh It should come up and you should see clear match Medicare and you should see the well-care and no premium There's a second. Congratulations. Let's get your enrolled So this is so simple. This should have this only has two steps to it. It has your doctor's name on it and your name on I'm gonna try to send you another link hold on for me one second So close out everything that you have open now I just sent you another link mm-hmm and where it says uh uh enrollment link right next to it tap tap on that At the very at the very top it should say clear match wait time two minutes and then underneath that it should say um My information Medicare information and submit application. You see that Okay, now underneath that you should see the well-care no premium H 6815-039 All right keep going down Keep going down that and you'll scroll down and you should see about midway to the pages Just take congratulations now. Let's get you enrolled All right, keep scrolling down in that great section. You should see your name and your date of birth and that you're a male Should have already be filled out for your address should already be filled out for you Keep scrolling down and then you see where it says next step in um in orange Cap on that The next page you should see a Medicare card that looks like a Medicare card on the top Okay, you should see in that that box your Medicare number Your hospital part a start starting in dates It's also gonna ask you which statement applies best for you been checked your Enrolled in a Medicare Advantage plan. You want to change during the annual enrollment period It has your primary doctor's information there It's gonna ask you right underneath your primary doctor's information Are you already a patient of the physician you chose you're gonna feel like no So you're gonna be a new patient But she I did I did check she is accepting new patient All right, and the next one is that gonna be your current coverage As once enrolled would you have other health insurance coverage that you where you are the subscriber or or Covered as a spouse or dependent that's gonna be no to that question The next question should be a no as well. Will you have other prescription drug coverage like D.A. Trycare or In addition to well care no premium All right, how do you want to pay your monthly plan premium this this this um Plan it has no plan premium. So we're gonna select coupon book The very last one And hit next step all right, once you hit next step then we're gonna go to the next page Oh, I'm here. Let me answer these questions. I can go along with you All right, so the next one you it's just going to be you reviewing your application. You'll see your name All All your information you see where it says that green acknowledge you see that were the arrow you Yeah, click that but click that that that that box scroll down And it is going to ask you for your signature It's already gonna be in the box. All you're going to do is click that that that box right underneath where your signature is supposed to be And then you're gonna hit submit See there you go simple simple simple stuff give me one second You finish it on the fan All right, so what I'm gonna do now is There congratulations. You got enrolled in your part C I'm going to transfer you to enrollment verification. They're gonna Verify that you didn't enroll in this plan and I didn't hold a knife to your Your throat and make you do it, okay? It have any questions for me sir All right, give me one second and I'm going to transfer you over, okay No problem. You're very welcome. I'm transfer you over the verification. Just hold for one moment This is yeti has see I'm going to be assisting you with this last portion today We're just we just want to verify that you enrolled with welcome premium HMO within effective data February 1st Teacher agent go over your medication senior doctors with you It's perfect. And do you have the agent's contact information? That's awesome That completes it. Thank you so much for voting with us today If you have any questions feel free to give her a call You're welcome. Have a nice day

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  My name is Larry Kruger, I'm doing, I'm okay, I have high blood pressure, yeah, also I have a cervical, cervical problem with my neck, too, cause I need to use it. I have an old Medicare card from 2018, part A and B and I was wanting to, if I'm still covered, I'm just going to go to the doctor, find out, no, just A and B, yeah, May 4th, 51, 97405, yes I am, okay, how long you say the recording was, okay, I thought you said yes, yes, five X, five, four, dash, Y, D, two, dash, P, T, eight, zero, just Medicare, I don't know, I just have this one old card that I pulled out of my drawer here, okay, yes, yes, all right, yeah, Volandos, B-O-L-A-N-D-O-L-A-N-O-S, yeah, B-O-L-A-N-O-S, yeah, no D, sorry, about that, and the second word is dash, MCC, yeah, McLean, yeah, yeah, I haven't even been to her yet, I was calling her today or tomorrow, no, I'm not taking any right now, okay, all right, well I'm good at it, all the only problem with text message is at the end, they always ask you to say yes, and I click on the yes, and it doesn't go through, maybe I need to change something on my phone or something, I don't know, okay, all right, okay, okay, all right, yes, I am, oh, let me check, there it is, all right, okay, I got it, loading, the blue hyperlink, which one is that, that's, okay, so tap on where it says clear match, yeah, okay, I did, I typed out, I hit on it, another page came up, there was the bottom of the page or something, yeah, I don't see my name anywhere, yeah, when all the way to the bottom of the page, I didn't see my name anywhere, no, it says welcome to a clear match, Medicare, no, another thing just popped up, it says asking for my email, family delete that part, I don't know, I go back to the original message, okay, okay, so there's a blue line going across the page, would I tap on that blue line, okay, nothing happens when I tap on it, yeah, I tapped on clear match, and another page came up, it says welcome to a clear match, Medicare, no, yeah, I don't know, doesn't say, okay, all right, just tap on the bottom part, okay, okay, that's it, yeah, yes, yes, okay, I got it, yeah, I found it, okay, yeah, tap on that, okay, got it, yeah, I see it, yes, okay, I hit no, okay, did that, okay, got that, okay, got it, okay, all right, yeah, okay, I did, okay, did that, okay, congratulations, yeah, okay, okay, all right, no, it's all, okay, thank you very much, okay, I can't understand your voice, it's all kind of okay, yes, yes, she did, yes, all right, thank you very much, let me try,