Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hi, Ditar, a good job calling me back. So yeah, this is Sherry Page again. I'm going to play that legal disclosure first and hang on here. And then we'll get going on the app. Let's see here. All right, ready for the legal disclosure quick? Ditar, is that OK? Takes one minute to listen to. OK, here we go. Here we go. Tuesday, January, 2,023. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information, unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare Advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the Do not Call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by Autodilor or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the Do not Call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-9780-969 or emailing us at privacy at hpon.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. Thank you, Detare. All right, let's jump right into it. Let's just do the paperwork together. Anytime you think of something, I'm here for you because that's what I've been doing all morning. I was out the last two weeks of December, and all my customers were calling me asking, worried because I wasn't there, but I was actually sick. Nice and sick for the last two weeks, so. Yeah, totally better, but it was a sinus thing, a flu thing. Just a weird thing, so. All right, here we go. We're going to jump into it. Your plan is going to go into effect on February of 2024. It's going to be a well-care product, and it's the Texan Plus. So it's a well-care Texan Plus classic no premium HMO plan. And it means Zippo. No, it doesn't cost you anything for this plan. And it's got numbers that go with it if you ever need it. It's H-45-06-003, so that's what that is. And let's see here. Okay, yes, it does have drug coverage. Yes, the premium is $0 for this plan. It's not a decent plan. You are moving into this plan for February 1st effective date, correct? Okay, hang on here. Let's see. Let me look at my notes here to see what you had previously, because we didn't see that. Right, let me look in here in the notes again here and see. Here with me. 731 of 2020. I'm looking under eligibility to see when that ever ended here. 1013 or 2019. Do you have a Medicaid number or not? I mean, yeah. Yeah, what is it? Medicaid card. Okay, let me run it quick and see what I see when I look it up. 777. It's been a while. 086. And... 022119. 53. And let's see here. Let's see, I can see if I can just do it by this. Yeah, it's showing it's inactive. That's why I always got my eyes across my teeth, so I was surprised by that. But it's showing that... All right, okay. So yeah, so in order to get it put... You know, I think a million some people lost a chunk of Medicaid. And so all you can... You can reapply. You can always reapply. And they said... They said no. Yeah. Right, and just keep on doing it, Detire. That's all I can tell you to do because, you know, you have the power to keep doing that until they answer you back. Because when you reapply, it takes four to six weeks to get an answer back. So it takes, you know, forever to do that. But keep on keeping on with that and try. And once you do, that's what we... You know, once you do, then you can call me back to say, Sherry, I got it. I'm like, okay, great. Let me get you into a plan with the extra benefits in it. So that's what we can do. So that will work. I'm here for you when that happens, too. You know, I believe that it can happen again. I don't know why they made so many changes this past year, but they did. So... All right. We were in... So no decent plan. So you are switching into this plan for February 1st effective date, right, Detire? And you are the applicant, correct? And... Let's see here. And then it has me read, you know, some things, and it's yes, no answers, basically. So it says, please know our call will be recorded for quality training purposes. We do not offer every plan available in your area. Currently, we represent 11 organizations, which offer 99 products in your area. Please contact Medicare.gov, 1-800-Medicare, or your local state health insurance program to get... To get information on all of your plan, all of your options. So can you just verify for me the spelling of your first and last name and your middle initial and then a date of birth, please? Perfect. Perfect. And so for this application, we will ask you questions to process the application. I'll cover the plan requirements and review the pre-enrollment checklist. And the summary benefits and answer any questions you may have. The pre-enrollment checklist can also be reviewed on well-care website, affects on current coverage. Your current healthcare coverage will end once your new Medicare coverage starts. For example, if you are in try care or a Medicare plan, you will no longer receive benefits from that plan once your new coverage starts. At the end of the application, we will ask you to confirm the accuracy of your answers, which would be recorded. Please confirm that you consent by saying yes. Thank you. Okay, this is about other languages. I know. I read for a long paragraph and I do lose people. It's not that. Not real interesting, but here we go. The next question is about other languages. It says, the response to the former's voluntary, however failure to respond may affect enrollment in the plan. We have free interpreter services to answer any questions you may have about our health or drug plan to get an interpreter you would call us at 800. 633-4227, TTY users 711, but it's a free service. The following languages are included, Spanish, Chinese, Tagalong, French. Vietnamese, German, Korean, Russian, Arabic, Italian, Portuguese. French, Creole, Polish, Hindi, Guarty, Thai, and Japanese. Someone who speaks those languages can help you. You're not required to provide health-related information unless the information is needed to determine your eligibility general on the plan. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll on the plan. We comply with applicable federal civil rights laws. I do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex. Before making an enrollment decision, it's important to understand benefits and rules. Based on what we have discussed, please confirm you'd like to enroll in the wheelchair, text, and plus, classic, no premium. HMO, it's H450603, with an effective date of 2-1-2024, and a plan premium of $0, is that correct? Thank you. It says I'm confirming an existing plan, you want to switch from your current plan into this plan, is that correct? Okay, and we're ready to continue in general. We fill out the rest of the application, we process your signature. Once we complete the signature, I'll give you the application number for reference. Tell you when to expect materials in the mail and provide you with a customer service number for your reference. Are you ready to continue enrolling now? Okay, and we'll proceed with completing the rest of the application. So we have your middle initial, and we also have your Medicare number. I've already got that plugged in here, and it's the 2D54C84KA64, like we did the homework earlier on, and then AMB affected days for both 6-1 of 1997. So what else does it have? It says, it asks me a second time, what's your date of birth? Yes, please. Perfect. And ask me for your gender and your telephone number. Perfect. Detard you have any other telephone number you want me to add or an email address? Okay. Perfect. And it says, can you go ahead and say verify your address, your street address, including apartment, city, state, zip, and county? Perfect. And then, is there any other mailing address I should note it all? Okay. And it says, are you Hispanic, Latino, Spanish, origin, or what's your race, or do you choose not to answer? Sure. I have that. Absolutely. And it says, would you like to get your plan information in a different language or format? And so none of that. And then your primary care's person's name, and I'll start writing them as we sit here. Correct. Yes. He's got a doctor number two. It's the 1-3-1-607-8843. So I've got him listed here too. And the reason we can change, it's OEP, that's your reason to make a change today. And it says, will you have any other prescription drug coverage in addition to this plan? No. That's like a trick they want to make sure people only have one thing at a time. So it says, are you a resident in a long-term care facility such as a nursing home? Okay. And you're not enrolled in your state Medicaid program right now. Correct. It was inactive. And we just looked it up. Yeah. That's what the system says. Detire, I always want only want to help you. So if everything changes, reach out to me. It says, will you or your spouse be employed once you've enrolled in this plan? Okay. And then it says, once enrolled, will you have any other medical health coverage where you are the subscriber or covered as a spouse or dependent? Mm-hmm. And it says, if you must pay a part D income-related monthly adjustment amount, it's called a part D-ERMA. People made way too much money. They get one of those. You'd be required to pay that in addition to your zero dollar premium plan. That amount is usually taken out of social security or you get a bill from Medicare. Don't pay, well-care the part D-ERMA. You must continue to pay your part A and part B premium. We will not collect any premium at the time, but we need to know how you'd like to pay any premium in the future. You can pay your zero dollar monthly premium plan by mail. Or you can have a deducted from your social security check or your railroad retirement benefit check. So this question throws everybody. It's zero dollars. Do you want a deducted from social security each month? Or do you want zero dollars with a direct bill so you can see it every month? Okay. Just with a direct bill, you think? Is that what you're... Right. Right. So that's why direct bill is good. It's going to come through. It's going to say, oh, zero dollars. That's all it's going to say, zero dollars, zero dollars. But some people want to see it. Just like... For sure. For sure. So we'll do that. And then it says, direct bills continue till U.T. forms have been processed. It says, please note that if you have extra help and only a plan of drug coverage, you may experience a change in premium or co-pay if your extra help level changes. That's what LIS is. And we're almost done to tar. So now to finish your enrollment, we need to go through some important legal information. I'll play the CMS required disclaimer. Please stand the phone with me for this recorded disclaimer. If you have questions during the recording, you can ask me to stop the recording. Please do not hang up. Otherwise, your enrollment will not be complete. After listening to the disclaimer and you agree to what you've heard, I'll proceed to obtain your verbal signature. So stick with me here for just a second. I'll get them playing and I'll be with you in the background listening the whole time. And we're almost done. Okay. Okay. One second. Please. Okay. Okay. Here we go. WALKER HMO is a licensed and certified representative of Medicare Advantage HMOHMOSNP, PPOPPOSNP and PFFS organizations, and standalone PDP prescription drug plans. Each of the organizations they represent has a Medicare contract. Enrollment in any plan depends on contract renewal. WALKER HMO is also coordinated care plan with a Medicare contract and a contract with a state Medicaid program. You must keep both hospital Medicare, Part A and Medical, Part B, to stay in WALKER HMO. You must continue to pay your Medicare Part B premium. You can only be in one Medicare Advantage plan at a time, and enrollment in this plan will automatically enter enrollment in another Medicare health or prescription drug plan. I understand that when my WALKER HMO coverage begins, I must get all of my medical and prescription drug benefits from WALKER HMO. Benefits and services provided by WALKER HMO and contained in my WALKER HMO, evidence of coverage document, also known as a member contractor subscriber agreement, will be covered. Neither Medicare nor WALKER HMO will pay for benefits or services that are not covered. The WALKER HMO Medicare Advantage plan is not Medicare's supplement insurance. This WALKER HMO plan has Part D coverage built in. You must use network pharmacies to use your prescription drug benefit, except under non-routine circumstances. Quantity limitations and restrictions may apply. You can only be in one Medicare prescription drug plan at a time. I understand that people with Medicare are generally not covered under Medicare while out of the country, except for limited coverage near the US border. Benefits, premiums and or copayments conjurants may change on January 1st, 2023. This information is not a complete description of benefits. Review the full list of benefits found in the evidence of coverage, EOC. If you have not had Medicare prescription drug coverage or credible coverage as good as Medicare's, you may have to pay a late enrollment penalty in addition to your premium for Medicare prescription drug coverage. Additionally, we can review the pharmacy directory to make sure the pharmacy you use for any prescription medicines is in the network. If the pharmacy is not listed, you may need to select a new pharmacy for your prescriptions. Organizations are evaluated yearly by Medicare. The ratings are based on a five-star rating system. You can access the stars ratings document and the summary of benefits at WALKER.com. Do you understand the benefits and conditions of enrollment as they have been explained for the plan WALKER HMO? The information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of my knowledge. I understand that if I intentionally provide false information on this form, I will be disenrolled from the plan. You must use participating providers except in an emergency, otherwise you will be responsible for the costs. By joining this Medicare Advantage plan, I acknowledge that WALKER HMO will share my information with Medicare, whom he used it to track my enrollment, to make payments, and for other purposes allowed by federal law that authorize the collection of this information. I understand that if I am getting assistance from a sales agent, broker, or other individual employed by or contracted with WALKER HMO, he or she may be paid based on my enrollment in WALKER HMO. Thank you. Thank you for that, Dutare. So we're almost done. So it says, do you understand the degree the statements we have reviewed on this call, including your attention to enrollment plan, and do you understand that you're enrolling the WALKER Texan Plus Classic No Premium HMO HMO? 4506-003 for a monthly plan premium of no more than $0. The plan proposed if I could date this 2-1-2024 subject to approval by Medicare. Thank you, Dutare. This is the last statement. For sure. Correct. Yep. Yeah, it just happens automatically because it's like as kids, we played King of the Mountains. So the last one standing is the one that wins with Medicare Advantage plans. So you don't have to cancel Humana. You don't have to do anything with WALKER. You'll get your package, your stuff sent to you in the mail in about two weeks or so, and then you know effective. Everyone, this is what you got going started. That's what you have started. Okay, so today is 1-2-2024 to confirm your application, acknowledge the information on this enrollment form. It's correct the best of your knowledge. You understand that if you test to provide false information in the form, you'd be disenrolled from the plan to enroll you in the WALKER Texan Plus Classic No Premium HMO H-4506-003. Please state your full name in today's date. Perfect. Perfect. Most people get caught up. It's kind of hard to remember 2024 already, right? So, perfect. All right. So this is your confirmation number. Do you want to write this down? So you have it handy. It's H, H like Happy, P like Paul, T like Tom. And then it's 1-0-3-8253. For sure. That's it. That's totally it. It's just called your confirmation number. And yeah, that completes the whole process, Detar. WALKER will send you a confirmation that your application was received. They also notify you by mail this data to your enrollment. CMS does collect information from Medicare plans to track beneficial enrollment in MA or PDP plans to improve care and for payment of Medicare benefits. Section 1851, 1860D, one of the SS Act and 42 CFR authorized the collection of this information. CMS may use disclose an exchange enrollment data from Medicare beneficiaries as specified in the SOR and in marks. Extra information for you. But that your response to the form is voluntary, however, fail to respond may affect enrollment in the plan. Also, we want to make sure this sales experience was conducted appropriately and stay in contact with you by phone and other methods using the information you provided to us. May we call you at 346-252-2368 if we reach out by phone? Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. So, there we go. That's it. Good job. You have me in your corner going forward. It's anything changes, any questions you have. I'm here for you. Hopefully I'm not going to be sick again. I've never, I've never sick, but I was the last two weeks of December. But yeah, I can always medicate. Yeah. Are you going online to do it? Are you going down in person to do it? Are you? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I would do that again. A human being on the phone because when things get lost in the shuffle, I just kind of get scared when people are going online. You know, they could miss one thing or not read it quite correctly. I always tell my customers to do somebody in person. Always do that. But then ask. Yeah. Right, right. So let me see. Let me look up your Texas Medicaid number. Yeah, this is the number that I have. So I don't know what number you have. But I just have a list of Medicaid numbers by state. So my number is 800-252-8263. Correct. That's it. So I would try that. Yeah. And then ask them this. You said what I would say, like what happened why I lost my Medicaid? What what changes happened? Usually like some of the people in here at money or, you know, something weird happens like that would be nice. But, you know, something like that. Something's happened or changed for them to drop it. So I would try to figure out what do I have to do to get it back? What is it that caused it to drop in the first place? That's what I would. Right. For sure. And I think so during AEP we had to do the enrollment verification specialist. There are people that give assigned the job of just saying, hey, did you sign up for a plan with Sherry? And you say, yes. You know, so if I can get them on the phone, that's the grand finale. And then we've done everything. So yeah. Thanks so much. I appreciate you, Ditar. And I'm here for you. And stick with me so you can just do this quick, you know, yes, no type thing with my EV person. Okay. One second please. Okay. Thanks for your patient, Ditar. I've got Laquanda on the phone. So she's going to be able to help you out from here. Okay. Thank you so much. Take care and be in touch. Thanks, Ditar. Bye-bye. Hi, Ditar. My name is Laquanda. I'm part of Clarematch and Medicare customer care team. I do want to let you know the call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. All right. So today I'm just confirming I wrote into the well care tests and plus class it. No premium plan would have started date of February 1st is that correct? This Sherry would be your prescription medications and doctors who are important to you for the enrollment. Yes, this should review your prescription medications and doctors with you. All right. And lastly, we'll just like to ensure we have your permission to call if there isn't any follow up by saying yes, you are confirming give a consent for our company to contact you. I will give you a call with the team to 20 business days to be sure you get your new card in the mail. And to make sure you don't have questions at that time. And then also I do want to inform you that you live in an area that is supported by value based care companies like dedicated senior medical center and old street health. They both specialize in caring for Medicare recipients in a unique way and may offer additional benefits to you. Would you be interested in learning more about them? If not right now, they can give you a call back within 24 to 36 hours. Okay. So all right. Perfect. All right. So someone to give you a call back within 24 to 36 hours. And then other than that, I want to thank you for rolling with Sherry. Do not hesitate to reach out to Sherry. If you have any questions and you have a wonderful day and stay safe. You're welcome. Bye bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hi, yes. Okay. Oh, are you feeling better now? Yeah. Tell me what does no pretty of me. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Now, I think my last plan was a decent plan. What are the advantages or disadvantages to that plan? because it was humana and I think my card my humana card says that D snap it's like a D and a hyphen of it. It's in P something like that. A Medicaid number. Yeah, I mean, there's a number on my card. Okay. Hold on a second. I'll get it. Now, you're not talking about my humana card. You're talking about the money. Okay. Okay. Here's a number on the member ID. It says five one seven five eight three seven eight four. Yeah, we talked about that the last time that because remember, I was saying that I was told that it was ended April and you said that you saw that it was inactive. Remember, we talked about that. Yeah. I know. I tried to. I've never actually heard anything except when I called and they and I told you I called them because I hadn't heard anything and they said that it was going to run out at the end of April. But then you told me that you saw that it was already inactive. So, I don't, I've already a real, you know, tried to reply twice. I don't know. I don't. Yes. Okay. The first name is D-E-T-A-R. The middle initial is D as in like David. And the last name is D-R-I-N-K-A-R-D. And the date, okay, the birthday of February 21, 1953. Yes. I thought you were reading. Yes. Yes. Yes. So, I'm going to give that to you again. February 21, 1953. Gender is male. I found number three, four, six, two, five, two, two, three, six, eight. You can take my email address. It's D-E-T-A-R 221 at iCloud.com. Okay. It's 10335 Old Bammal, North Houston, Road, Apartment 2114, Houston, Texas, 77086, and the county is Harris. No. I guess Black are African-American, whatever the designation is. You mean my doctor? Sean Jensen? I don't think so. No. No. That's what you said. No. No. Zero dollars. Well, I don't want just something taken out of my social security without me knowing about it, because I think that's what I'm getting now from humanity. Okay. Yes. I do have a question though. I am covered under my current plan until February, correct? So, when February the first comes, is there anything that I need to do of this that just happened automatically? Okay. Detard drinker? January 2, 2024. Yeah, I'm ready. I'm going to read it back to you. H-P-T-1038253. And what's that number call? What's that number? Oh, confirmation. Okay. I got it. Yeah. Okay. I do have a question for you just kind of a, just wanted to take advantage of whatever knowledge, expertise you have. Do you have any advice about reapplying for Medicare? I mean, is there anything you can, yeah, I mean that, anything you can tell me about that? No. I would be, was it last time? Well, I did it twice. And one way was I got all the stuff in the mail. And I feel that I was sent it back. And I got some information. I think there was something that I left out. So, the second time I did it, I actually did it on the phone like I'm doing with you now, where she, all the questions and everything, and we did it that way. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, it's tedious, but I like doing it that way, because I, if I have a question, I can ask the person right then, rather than trying to fill out something and I have a question, there's no one to talk to, you know. And the number you used to do that is that's a number that's on that Medicaid card. I can call that number, right? Or do you have a number? Yeah, that'd be great. Okay. Okay. Uh-huh. 8263. And this is Texas Medicaid. Okay. All right. I got it. I'm going to try that again tomorrow. Okay. That's good. I'm writing it down. I'm going to ask them, and I'll, what can I do to get it back? Okay. Okay. Thank you. Okay. All right. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. Thank you. Okay. Bye-bye. Okay. That's correct. I didn't quite understand that. Can you repeat it? Yeah. Maybe that yeah. I wouldn't mind a call in 36 hours, because I want to speak with someone about that. So all right. Thank you. Bye-bye.