Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hi, thanks for calling well care Medicare call is recorded quality and training purposes. This is Sherry page license agent. How can I help today? Sure, perfect. Thank you. Hi, hi Sean. How are you? This is Sherry page with with well care. I don't know if you heard my first part of it. The disclosure there, but I've been doing this for about 25 years. So I've been able to help people, but my call is recorded for quality and training purposes. And we don't offer every plan available in your area. So let's take a look at it and see. We can start with basic information first. So that's name, address, etc. And then I can take a look and see what else is out there from there. I know care plus is a small network of doctors. So do you have any other things? Did you have any type of what care plus did you get like a give back program to it or was it just. Yeah, that tends to help. I mean, I know that's what they're known for. And you know, I have the same thing. I was just trying to see if you have the give back program because that's a helpful thing. So she said dental is also important to you. You want to replace your bottom dentures and then. That network of doctors with care plus is kind of small or all your doctors in that care plus network. Is that right? Okay. Okay. We can take a look at it. What's your telephone number? Just so I have a starting point. Perfect. And can you just confirm your first and last name? Thank you. And then the spelling of your address and zip code and county, please. Uh-huh. Okay. And then what county is that? Okay. And how about a date at birth to Sean? Okay. And then the spelling of Sean was s h a w n correct. Okay. So let's see. And so do you have anything else that goes with your a and b? Okay. Some of the people have some Medicaid or a retirement plan or. In the type of nothing like that, none of that. Okay. So I've just double checking there. Oh, really? Well, I can give you the phone number for that. I'll look that up in just a second. Oh good. Good. Good. Okay. Well, I have to play a legal disclosure first. So let me play this one minute recording that Medicare requires. I play. And then I'll take it from there. Okay. Um, so and then we'll go take a look at things and see what we can see. So one second, please. Thursday, January 4, 2000, 24. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO and PFFS organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the do not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message, even if this number is on the do not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident and hospital coverage. Okay, perfect. Thanks for listening to that, Sean. So tell me a little bit about what's important besides what she mentioned, dental and things like that. Let me look for a plan for you. And then we'll plug in the doctors first, make sure they're part of the network. Do you have quite a few doctors to look up? Okay, let's do that then. Let's start there. That's the first thing we got to make sure they're part of the network. So can you provide the first doctor and we'll look it up. Heather Bennett. Heather H.E.A.H.E.A.T.H.E.R. Bennett, B-E-N-N-E-T. Is that right? Yeah. Okay, so it says, yep, so she's a nurse practitioner and she's located at 3839 County Road to 18 in Middleburg. Is that correct? Yeah, I'm just verifying because it pops up with me. So she takes either the give back or the regular HMO plan. So we'll see how much dental. Sometimes in the give back programs they don't have a lot of dental. So if dental is what you want to use, then you'd want to get a regular HMO plan. The sympathy would I find. I've been doing this for 25 years. So that's the first one. What else do you have for a doctor? Did they figure out what that's all about? I had that last night. I had to go to the chiropractor. I'm like, what's with my left ankle? It keeps, you know, it hurts like the bone, that bone. So I couldn't figure out what that was, but she said I was rolling my leg or whatever. You're kidding. So what did you, what did you get from that? Just from being in the hospital, right? Yeah. Okay. What was the name? I mean, if that's your doctor or don't you have that doctor anymore? I'm just looking up the doctors you currently have in place. So, okay, what's your name? Timothy, how do I spell his last name? Stay right. Timothy, I'm going to try to Google him and see what I can find. 32068. Okay, what's that zip code then? That would be the difference. Do you know that zip code? So where do you live now? Is this a new home that you live in now? Okay, okay. I've got to be able to look him up. Oh, what do you want to, yeah, I can help Sean, but maybe you want to write down list of your doctors that you have in your medicines. I have to spell on rights so I can pop them up on the screen. And then when you get them, you could call me back. And we could double check that to where, you know, I know there's more dental benefits in something other than the give back program. I know that's a fact because the give back program is giving you money back. But if you want dentures, they're expensive. So you might as well look for a plan that gives you, you know, quite a portion there for the dental piece of it. You know, there's, I mean, just to let you know, there's regular HML plan, like with well care, no premium HML with $0 to the doctor, $0 to the plan, $15 for a specialist. So it's got really good price points there. And then the dental piece of it would be $3,000 all inclusive. So preventative comprehensive services up to $3,000 for things like cleaning x-rays, fillings, dentures, bridge, crown, and a rook now with the $0 remember copay. So that would be something you'd want to, you know, we just have to look up, we'd have to go to the dentist in the network, but you're also going to have to, I got to look up the doctors for you. So I have to have the spelling of their names. So maybe you said you have a lot of doctors. Maybe you could write them down. And then I could call you back, pulled off. I can find that one. I mean, that's an easy spelling of a name. Let me try that. Which they all had. There you go. Physicians assistant. He does take the regular HML plan. Yep. So he does take that. And, yep. So I'm making a note of that. So I've got those two people. I just don't have the spelling. I can't figure out the spelling of the other doctor. So if you can find it on the medicine bottle or like a card like their business card somewhere, I can do that. Oh, yeah. And I'm on the phone. Right. Yeah. Can't be easy. Yeah. That's why I thought, well, I don't know. We'll have to figure out a way to, you know, get the list. If there's more doctors than that, do you think there's more doctors than that? Yeah. Far hat. What is his first name? Do you know what that is? Salmon. I got it. I can see him. Yeah. He takes our plans. He's at 1650 Saint Vincent's way. He's cardiovascular. Yep. So he takes the plan. There's three of them. Pierre PIE RRE, do you think? Neurology. Yep. So she takes it 1825 Kingsley Avenue Orange Park, Florida. So she takes the plan and anybody else? What's up? Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Well, if I can look up the psychiatrist and the other foot doctor, you know, if I can get their spellings of their names, if you got to look it up on the phone, I can call you back. Sean. And then we can plug them in it. If there's anybody else, try to look them up. And then I can call you back. If I gave you like, I don't know. You know, an hour or so. You think you could do that. And then if you have any type of prescriptions, you know, what you're taking, I can look those up to. But, you know, the plan, we got to make sure all the doctors are part of the network. So we looked up three of them. We're good to go there. But if you're looking for dentures coming up, then this one has is $0 the plan. It's $0 to the primary doctor, $15 for the specialist. And then the $3,000 for dental, which is huge. I just have to look up a dentist for you. Make sure you're staying in the network. And I always tell my clients, make sure they get it authorized first, no matter what they're going to do. And then this plan also gives you, it's $2.45 for an ambience ride. If you ever had to have surgery at the ambulatory surgical center, it'd be $50 for that. Dr. Visit zero, specialist visit 15 gym membership included ER visit would be 135 for that hearing. It's a zero dollar hearing exam. And then $1,000 per year towards hearing aids every year. And if you go in the hospital, it's a really low out of pocket expense for hospital. It's 175 a day for the first six days and then zero dollars after that. But the max out of pocket on the plan is really low as well. So it means in a rough year of life, the most you're going to spend out of pocket for the medical expenses is $2,500 in network. So that's a pretty good rate as well. What else here? It does come with it's a new thing this year. We have a well care spendable card. So it does come with, sorry, $38 every month on that for you. And you can use it at several different places. Let me look it up at the store finder. If you don't use it one month, not not to worry, you could spend that money the next month as well. So it's going to be at let me see. 3, 2, 0, 6, 8. I can list the stores there that they would take it at. So it comes at, you know, CVS, Windixi, Walmart, Walgreens, Publix, Harvies, Giant Eagle, Dollar General, CVS store. So that's what it's used for. Health and wellness items is what that's for. So it's $38 a month and it rolls to the next month, if not used. And then what else do we have? Do you use transportation at all or not? Good job. So it does offer $0 for 12 one-way trips every year. And then urgent care would be $15. The copies are pretty low on this one. And then the vision I exam is $0 and then you get $200 for glasses or contacts. So that's the plan. Let's see. Yeah, I'm here. So we're just, how does it mean it's dying? Does it mean it's out of juice? Okay. Okay, good. So yeah, that's the plan. We just have to plug in. We did all the doctors already. We just have to plug in the last two doctors if you can look them up for me. And then any type of prescriptions to get that list together and I can call you back. And we can go from there. What do you mean the doctors? Well, yeah, because you said she said that's part of the problem too. You have a lot of prescriptions. So this is the breakdown of the prescriptions on that plan. A tier one drug and a tier two drug is going to be $0 for 30 days. So tier one, tier two is that a tier three drug would be up to $42 for a 30 days supply. Tier four drugs are non preferred. That's up to 50% of the total cost and then tier five or specialty drugs up to 30% of the cost. Tier four and five do have a deductible of 150 for that. But yeah, I'm required to look it up for people so they know, hey, what's my prescription is going to cost me. So I'm supposed to do that. Oh, really? Well, that way, I mean, I can see what your prescriptions would cost based on me plugging them into the plan. And it also depends on what pharmacy you go to or if you have mail to you like express scripts, something like that. So we need a couple pieces of information that way. And then, you know, then you have to make the determination. You've got a one time chance to make a change. January February March, it's called OEP to move from, you know, your care care plus network into well care care plus, like I said, I've sold that those plans before tends to be a smaller network for doctors. So then if you want to dent your piece of it, there you go. Oh, yeah, I can look up a dent. Oh, really? Let me look up dentist for you. Hang on, I can list them, but you know, close to you. It's going to give me a list. So let me try. What? I've got two dogs too. What kind of dogs do you have? Oh, really? Yeah. Mine are two. I got a golden retriever in a German short here and the golden retriever is like such a such a social light. It's just amazing. So, they got a run. Don't they? Yeah, yeah. Greyhounds. Oh my gosh. That's crazy. So you got three dogs. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. See, they're good friends. They know, they know. Okay. So I can see there's a Stephen Barrett on 27 10, blending boulevard. And there's a couple of doctors. There's a Jeffrey Bersick there too. Well, if you like, have you been to that location, 27 10, blending, blending boulevard, sweet three in middleburg. Yeah. So there's, yeah, you could go to this one. They take the plan. There's a, there's a girl dentist too. There's a Stephanie Burgess Chavez or there's an Ashley Carmona or you can go to a, you know, there's like, it's a big practice right there. At the 27 10, blending boulevard. So do you have an email address I can send it to you? Okay. Okay. Hang on. Let me send this to you really quick so you see where it's coming from. So it's Sean, D-U-N-N-E. Let me look back 17 at gmail.com. I'm just going to put in the, in the subject line dentist. So look for it. It comes from C page at HP1.com. But at least I can tell you, this is the name of the dentist close to you. And, well, why is it? Let me transfer it. So that's, there's a lot of dentists at this location. And then if you want a different one, you know, that's the one that has several female doctors dentist. So that's, I'm just going to put my name in the bottom of this email so you can see me. Let's see, 1, 8, 4, 4, 9, 8, 1, 14, 0, 7, extension, 1, 3, 5, 5. So that's the dentist. So now we got, we got three doctors and a dentist listed. We still have to find the one that we don't have yet. So let's see, the two, the two that we're missing. Yeah, the two doctors, I can't find in the system. So the ferret, F-A-R-H. Well, this, is it another one that's a, it's, I have that one, Salman Ferhat. I'm sure I'm pronouncing it right, but I have him. That's not, that's not the one we're waiting for. We're waiting for. We look up Christine Pierre, Salman Farhat, and then also Paul Duff, you know, so, and then, yeah, so we've got all, and then Heather Bennett. So we've got all that. So I just need to make sure there's anybody else we, we have to look up, and then I have to look up your prescriptions for you. Oh, okay. I know, so I, I'm the same way, right? I just say, can you just spell it for me, just so I get it, because whoever made up the prescriptions had to make it difficult for us. So, I don't know, I don't know why it has to be so such a long, complex word, but if I, if you just spell it for me, I can look them up for you. Yeah, yeah, when you get the last two doctors out of your phone, so you tell me when to call you back, and I'll call you back then. We've done most of the homework, we just have to, you know, make sure we do everything. So, what time you think you want me to call you back? Okay, so, okay, I'll give you a break. I'll call you back. Let's see here. Let's see the time frame here. Okay, okay, that's about three hours from now. All right, I'll call you back in about three hours, okay? Okay, Shari page once again, so you'll see that email from me, so it's going to save. If you can't see it right away, make sure you look at your junk or trash mail, but it's see page at hp1.com. Yeah, so I'm just making up. It should be 844. My number should be 844-981-1407, and it's extension 1355. So, perfect. All right, I'll call you in a few hours. Thank you. Okay, you bet. Bye-bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  So, good morning, Sherry. I have Sean on the line. She's in Florida. What does it code of 32068? Data birth is 10 to 59. She's Medicare A and B and Care Plus Advantage plan. Do you mind doing a review to go over her benefits and savings options? She is on a fixed income and only gets her social security check each month, so any help that you can give her would be appreciated. She does have co-pays on our prescriptions and specialists. She is needing to replace her bottom dentures. They recently broke. She would like to see if there's any sort of help with like food. That's important to her and she's having a hard time with that. Excuse me. And she also mentioned she does have some medical issues mentioned like having 15 heart attacks. So, do you mind talking to her and seeing if you can get her any extra help? Okay. Sean, you're in good hands and she's going to help you from here. I hope that you both have a good day, okay? Okay. Thank you. Yeah, I get, I don't know how much I get. They put some back in the security. Yeah. 904, 704, 94, 953, Sean, SHWN, Dunn, D-U-N-N-E. Hey, I'm, come on. 52, 69, Lewis Lane, Middleburg, Florida, 32068, Clay County, October 2nd, 1959. Yes. No, I've been, I've been trying to educate, I can never find the building. I'm not poker. I got, I got a phone number. Somebody gave it to me, so. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Family practice and I see how they're abandoned the practitioner. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Um, I had, in 2021, I had my foot, a foot, my, my left foot, an ankle was twisting around and stuff. And, yeah. Yeah. He did surgery and then after surgery, I got two infectious diseases in it from the hospital. I had to stay in a rehab for six months and then give me two different medicines. I had to do twice a day. Two of them, twice a day, morning and then evening, did therapy. Yeah. Yeah. I still have to see him once in a while. This is what would, it is Timothy Sipari. Oh, I got it in my phone thing, but now I can't think he. Sipari. Okay. S, P, Y, E, K, something like that. Well, he's not in. I'm in the middle bird using, um, orange parks. So, this is it. I used to when I lived there, but I forgot it. No, I've, we've, I've lived here about three, four years, three, four. I have that memory. C, Y, S, K, Y. So, K, and I also go for my foot to Dr. Duff, called Duff. Yeah. He's going to put a, yeah. I don't think I have one. I just know it's on my phone, but I can't get to it. Can't hang up and talk about. Oh, yeah. I got a heart doctor, um, Salmon or something like that, but the last name is F, F-A-R-H-A-T. Yeah. Salmon. Salmon. There's a film. And Christine here is my neurologist. Yep. Um, that guy, Drew. That's like I addressed from my head. Okay, I forget. That's why I couldn't figure out how to spell figure it. Um, glasses are for my eye doctor. Yeah. Oh, boy. No, I got a car. Uh-oh. Are you there? Okay. I found it's black. No, halfway over. Um, you really want to write all them down. No, the medicine. Hey, I said, I got a new prescription. Yeah. The day. This is actually still at the drug stores. Because I don't have the money to get it in $50. Some dollars. Yeah, when you look at the dentist, I don't want to go back to where I got them from. Because I've had troubles with almost ever since I've had them. Tell dogs. The dogs are getting grouty. Well, my runaway has a half-flack, um, Labrador, and half-foot pitful. She's a big baby. And then we got a, and the middle one is a miniature greyhound, and she's spazzo. And then my baby. Oh, gosh. She follows him. Uh, the guy's dog that is down the road. And he's, he was going 40 miles an hour and that dog rose right by him. And then there's my little sweet heart. Mine's a little sweet, so she too. And they're a little Olivia. So sweet. When I cry in bed, when my, yeah, when I cry in my, when I get in bed, when my foot's hurting, she jumps up bed and runs up to my face and licks my tears away. Yeah. Which one? I didn't know what, nope. The only one I've been to is yes, and I don't have females.com. They work. Yeah. Yeah. I'd take a photo shot, but they're intended for you, but it's very hard to read. It's not the original place. And I don't even know how to say it, or say the word. Okay. Um, you want to do that later? Okay. And when you come in that afternoon, I don't want anywhere. What is it? Call me back by two o'clock or something. Okay. Is that the same number that I can see? Alrighty. What's up, Susan? Okay. Thank you. Bye.