Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hello, thank you so much for calling welcome medic care. This is Rose Cruz. Who do I have the pressure to talk to today? You should check on it. Okay, no problem. Take your time. So you have both medic care and Medicaid. Okay when we can double check on on us, Angela, what is that Medicaid number? Okay. Okay, and let me and do you also have your medic care number? Take your time, Angela. I'm right here. Excellent. Thank you so much for providing me with the verification of the numbers. I really appreciate it. Angela, I have your septal here as 30720. Is that correct? All right, that is in county, what's built? Perfect. I also have your data Bergman, Angela, as June 26, 1956. Is that also correct? Perfect. And lastly, I have your phone number, which is 7062188488. Is that also correct? Okay, do we have a second there number that you would like to add on file or no? And it's not a requirement. I'm just asking if you do have another second one that you would like to add. Okay, not a problem, not a problem. We can definitely do everything else. So you just want to see if everything in your plan is good to go. It's active. Correct. Did you already receive your documents in your cards or no? You have not. Okay, okay. Are you having any appointments soon with your doctor? No? Okay. Alrighty. Well, Angela, the centers for medicare and medicaid, they do require me that I play you a small disclosure. Something that's very quick, but I do have to play this out before I'm able to do anything else. Okay. So I'm just going to play really quickly. And then after that, I'll just verify everything to see if you know your plan is active and current. Okay. Alrighty. Thursday, January 4, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number. Even if it is on the do not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message, even if this number is on the do not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpon.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident and hospital coverage. Alrighty, thank you so much for saying yes. Ms. Angela, I did overheard you quite a bit. Okay, so let me see if the plan that you sign up is good and accurate. Is there anything in particular that you want me to double check any specific benefits that you need right now? Okay, all righty, perfect. So I'm going to put you on a briefcase for just a couple of minutes, Ms. Angela, while I check on that and then I'll come back and tell you what I found. Is there anything else you want me to assist you on? Absolutely, absolutely. Bear with me for just a couple of minutes. Do I have your consent for me to do this verification, ma'am? All right, perfect. Bear with me one second. Alrighty Angela, thank you so much for holding on this call. I appreciate your patience. So I did a little bit of digging through your Medicare and Medicaid and the plan that I see is the one for United Healthcare. Is that right? Did you already did the change on the call or do you like me to give you an ethnic agent for them to help you? Well, everything is showing here that is good to go. Your Medicare is showing that it's been active since 2012 and you said that you already checked on your Medicaid, correct? Okay, so everything is showing up good. Yes, ma'am? Absolutely, yes. So my personal phone number is 844-981-1407 and my extension is 1371. My name is Rose, like the flower, and my last name is Cruz, C-R-U-Z. Yes, ma'am? C-S-N-Carmen, R-S-N-R-R-R-U-S-N-U-N-I-D-N-Z-Z-B-R. Yes, ma'am? Yes. Yes, ma'am. I can definitely do that. Bear with me one second here. Hi, ma'am. Sure. Hi, my name is Corsé Henry with Claire Match Medicare, and I just want to let you know that I am a licensed agent, and how can I assist you today? Okay. Not that... Let me just... Yeah, I'm not sure. Oh, could it be a scan? Oh, okay. And so you want to see about the met and the plans? Okay. Well, I'll be more than happy to help you with that, and before I can do so, the Center of Medicare and Medicaid Services requires that I review some disclosures with you. Is it okay if I get that 90 second message started now? Okay, awesome. One moment. Thank you, one moment. Third day, January 4, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a planned slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a planned slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Claire Match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 7-1-1 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare Advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part de-sponsor. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by Autodilor or pre-recorded message, even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. Thank you so much for your patience and do you understand and agree to the disclaimer that we have reviewed in this call, including receiving calls and texts to this number? Thank you. And then do you have your red YM Blue Medicare card so that way I can see what plans you qualify for? Okay, no worries, take your time. Okay, yeah, no worries, take your time. Okay, and I think I missed the letter in between after you said 9 and as a Nancy, what was after the end? Okay. All right, awesome. Do I have your permission to check our Medicare database to review your benefits? Okay, thank you. And I'm just going to place you on a brief hold so I can review your benefits and see what you qualify for, okay? My pleasure one moment. Thank you so much for your patience and I also see that you have some form of Medicaid. So that way I can check your Medicaid level. Do you have your Medicaid ID number or I can look it up with your social? Okay, no worries. And just to verify your Medicare number that you gave me is 1-1-1-2-6-5-3-1-1-1. Okay. When I put that in, it's coming up in eligible. Again, do you have any other numbers on that Medicaid card? Okay. Okay. And that was 50, I'm sorry, the last two numbers. Okay, awesome. Yeah, no worries. I'm just waiting for it to load here now. Yeah, I'm still telling you an eligible but it did give me your Medicaid ID number. And that is going to be 1-1-1. So 11, okay. 11. So 11, 12, 65. Yeah, it's three ones. It's 11, 12, 65, 31, 11, 89. Okay. Okay. And you got it. And then I'm showing on your Medicare report that you have Medicaid until next year. But when I'm searching your benefits, I nothing's coming up for me to say an eligible. So on my end, I would recommend that you call so security and get your correct Medicaid level. And once you get that Medicaid level, then I would say give me a call back so I can see what special needs plans you qualify for. But on my system is not giving me your correct Medicaid level. Do you have something to write with so I can give you some security numbers so you can call and check your Medicaid level? Yes. The number is going to be 1-800-772. 12, 13. And then, yes, you got it. And then also I'd like to give you one more number, Michelle, which is my direct number. So once you do get your Medicaid level, you can give me a call back and we can review some plans for you, okay? My phone number is going to be 877-581-5373. And my extension is 4095. Corset, Henry, and it is Build, C is in Charlie. O-R-S-H-A-Y. My pleasure. Your Medicaid level, what level of Medicaid do you have? All right. And also, if you give me a call back and I don't answer, just leave me a voicemail and I'll return your call as soon as I can, okay? All right, awesome. Well, I look forward to speaking with you soon. All right. Bye-bye, take care. My pleasure.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Angela, I'm trying to make sure that I'm covered on my instance. I feel like I am, but then I had a reason to believe I should check on it. Let me look for the phone number, that quick, I'm trying to find it, hang on. All right, I've got my medic Kade member, do you need that? I have had, and what happened was I tried to get some new insurance, and the person told me, on the phone, they said, you've been cut up, your insurance is not active, so I made it at least started calling to see, I mean, I've already talked with medic Kade, and I was calling you to make sure everything was okay with you. It's 1-1-1-2-6-5-3, okay, 2-6-8-3-1-1-1, it begins with 3-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1, I do second. Thank you, appreciate that. All right, my member is 9 and SNH, the H is in Harry, 4, A is in Apple, M is in Mary, 8, A is in Apple, R is in red, 6, 8, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, Right now, I'm not sure about starting a cell phone number, so I won't pass. No, I have not, and I do need them. No, not soon. Yes. Okay. Yes, ma'am. Yes. No, I think I'm good. No, I may get your phone number. Yes, ma'am. Yeah, but I'm changing. I'm going to Adna. I do, I did not get it yet. They said I had to have my Medicare, Medicaid straight now, before I could apply. Right, yes, I have. Now look okay before you further let me get your phone number please okay okay in your name okay crude okay I'm putting this in cap so hang on see you're clear in the last name see what okay very good rose crude and your phone number is 1844 9181 1407 extension 1371 and now we're going to go to you're going to put me through to etna right is it correct thank you hi well I was I was wanting to look into a type of interest keep thinking right now oh let me see if I can add that right now what about that just hour and one second it's just four letters do you know one of the insurance it's just four letters no all right yes I have to get it hang on okay I'm I'm back I'm looking hard right now okay my card number is nine and eight for a apple and Mary eight a apple are red six eight nine and eight eight is in a hairy thank you okay hold on let me see if I've got it yeah I'm not made a kid let's see made a kid number is 111 2653 111 I think so let me do that again 111 2653 111 yeah that's correct actually I wrote this down on my phone so it could be wrong let me give you my associate okay it's two five seven eighty six sixty four fifty five oh I'm going to be curious to see if I've had my number written down wrong I am I lost all my materials my my cards and everything and so I had to record everything on my phone so I could actually I very much so could have made a mistake someone you know I know okay okay go ahead now one one what oh just eleven it's not three ones okay I got it yeah uh-huh uh-huh oh I'm missing that nine okay 89 okay one well 11 and 12 and 65 31 11 and then 89 that's it okay so everything I was on good okay yes I do let me um okay okay eight hundred seven eight hundred seven two twelve thirteen okay okay and you get me your name just a minute ago but I'm sorry what is it again okay thank you hey I'll call you back I'll just call you right back of course I'm in you and uh I you now I'm supposed to ask those security what wasn't the question you said you say okay my maybe cave settled yes ma'am okay bye bye thank you