Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling work here. My name is Kylie. I am nice to answer this agent. How can I help you today? Okay, all right. Thank you so much, Mr. Michael to call me back. We can continue to help you fail the application for you. Okay, just one a you know Just one a you know this call This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes are okay? Okay, all right. Let's start in for the application for you right now. Okay. All right, please know our call will be recorded for quality and training purpose Just one a you know I represent for the work here. If you do a great piece confirm your answer. Yes Okay, thank you, and Mr. Michael please verify your first name last name and database for me, please Okay Thank you so much, and your last name is K L E I N and the middle initial is H as a Henry, right? Okay, all right for this application we will ask question to process your application I will cover the plain requirement review the pre-annoman check list and the summary of the benefit and The ending question you may have the pre-annoman check list can also be reviewed on the work here website If that phone current coverage your current health coverage will end once you're new medical coverage star For example if you are in trachea or medical plan you will no longer receive playing a benefit from the plan once you're new coverage star at the end of Application we will ask you to confirm the accuracy of your answer, which will be recorded Please confirm that you can send by saying yes if you do agree Okay, all right your response to this phone is voluntary. However, failure to respond may affect a normal in the plan We have a free interpreter service to answer any question you may have about health and drop plan to get an interpreter Just call us at 1-800-633-4227 TVY user can call 7-1-1 This is a free service the following language are includes Spanish, Chinese, Tecahela, French, Vietnamese, German, Korean, Russian, Arabic, Italian, Portuguese Yeah, I know you don't speak those language, but because our phones recorded I still have to read it for you, okay? All right, friends, Krawi policy hinted that Jareta, Thai and Japanese someone who speak those language can help you You are not required to provide health relay information unless this information is need to determine your eligibility to know in the plan If you choose not to provide health relay information, you may not be able to know in the plan We comply with applicable for your civil right law and do not discriminate on the base of a race color National origin age is the spectity of sex before making an element decision It is important that you fully understand the plan benefit and rule based on what we have discussed Please confirm that you like to know where care do SSH multi-snap 809 0801 plain effective day is February 1, 2024 plain premium is a zero dollar. Is that correct? February 1, 2024 next month your plan going to be correct. Yes, you still have a coverage with Yes, just yes, yes Okay, all right, I am confirming that I am confirming that if you are in exact same plan you want to switch from your current plane to this plane. Is that correct? Okay, all right, if you are ready to and know then we will put out the application and process your signature once we complete the signature I will give you the application number for your reference tell you when to expect material in the mail and provide you with customer service number for your reference. Are you ready to and know now? Are you ready? Okay, all right, Mr. Michael, please provide me your medical number again, please The white red blue card you gave me before 5k that one You take the time. No rush Medical number. Yes, you gave me before I should tell you just leave outside because we for the application we still have to confirm for you Okay, no No worry. No worry. Okay. I do have your information, but I just need your permission. Use your medical information put on your application phone. Am I correct? Okay, perfect. Okay, just verify your data birth and gender for me, please Okay, and your gender I'm so sorry and please verify your phone number for me, please You get you get you. Okay, so you have a two different phone number the one you gave me Okay That's fine Okay Okay, so is it this phone phone number I can put that as a primary phone number for you Okay Do you also want me put the the other phone number on the system? Uh two three four four all five. Okay Okay, got you Okay, that's fine. So let me update the phone number for you. Okay Okay, got it. I already update the phone number. Okay Okay Okay Okay, no problem. Okay, would you like to provide an email address so the plane can send you health information? Okay, what's your email address? A lot of three huh? Okay All right Okay, all right, so let me repeat again for you, okay? M-I-C-H-A-E-L-K-L-E-I-N One nine six four three three three three three at gmail.com. Am I correct? Okay, got you. But given me your email address, so you give express permission and will receive all your plane material and communication by email including your monthly bill. If you do not provide email address You will continue to receive this information by usps mail. Okay, please verify you Uh-huh Monthly bill is a zero dollar. Okay, you have no monthly payment zero dollar But you see you're gonna be received the statement matter. It will show zero dollar. You don't need to do anything. Okay. No charge for you All right, just verify you Yeah, yes, yes, you're gonna be received. Yeah, and just verify your address for me, please Okay, okay, which county you live? Which county you live? What county? County county C-O-U-N-G-Y Submit Okay, got you mailing address and in different mailing address From your permanent address. No. Okay, got you. All right. Are you Hispanic latino or Spanish origin or you are white? Okay, got it All right, do you like to receive your plane information in a different language or format? Okay, if no, you can just answer no. Okay. If an assessment format Okay, all right, if an assessment format is me, please let me know which format preference you like We do over audio or you're over the phone large print Bradley assess for screen reader PDF Please contact work here at 1866-579-8006 if you need information in an assessment format other than what's list of bars The plane office are open seven days a week from AAM to APM TDIs or can call 711 Okay And Uh, this is not a customer different phone number. I will provide a customer service phone number for you later Okay, if you need the if you need the transportation so that you can call the customer service, all right And just give me one second. I'm gonna put the doctor name as primary doctor name for you. Okay Okay, give me one second and we almost finish. Okay. Thank you so much Yeah, I speak Chinese, you know, you Yeah, I speak Chinese. Yes, I also speak Chinese. Thank you Hi, yeah, you got it. You have a good memory. You can remember my name I am Chinese. Yes, I am otherwise how do I speak Chinese? Right I was growing up in China. Yes Yes Ready Yeah That's right. Yeah, that's right. Yeah Uh-huh. Okay That's for American. I mean for the I mean New Year that's for let's join you around Chinese school But like say for in local area, they do have a Chinese restaurant So that kind of Chinese food is like say for American Chinese food right chicken broccoli not that's not the real real Chinese food Okay Right That's funny Yeah Okay, so today you are qualified to change the program because right now it's OEP. Okay, so you do have a one right to change the plan Okay, one more question where you have any other prescription drug coverage in addition to this playing from Care or VA or union group coverage if no, you can just answer no Okay, are you Restained in a non-term care facility such as nursing home are you living nursing home? Okay, all right, are you and no in the state Medicaid program You have a Medicaid, right? You gave me Medicaid number before Okay Okay, okay, okay, okay, do you do you have a Medicaid number with you right now or you don't have a Medicaid number with you right now Okay, just repeat again Medicaid number for me please. Thank you 91 Okay, perfect Okay, where you or your spouse be employee once you have a no in this thing are you still work or you are retired You don't work right Got you. Okay, what about your wife? It should work or she doesn't work Okay, got you once and no where you have any other medical health coverage Subscriber or cover issue spouse or dependent if no, you can just answer no Okay, all right, so I'm gonna read the statement for you. Okay, when I read this statement It doesn't mean you have to pay for the party Irma or you have to pay for the premium for the party and puppy Or you have to pay for the net and non-man penalty those only for some people without the Medicaid So they have very they have a very super high income So they have to pay for the extra premium or people when they get age 65 they don't join the program on time So they will get a penalty from the government since you have a Medicaid they're gonna cover everything for you You don't need worry about that. Okay, but this statement. I have 173 dollars every month. Okay, all right. Let me read the statement. Yeah. Yeah. Let me read the statement for you It doesn't mean you have to pay for that Okay, if you must pay a party income related monthly adjustment amount party Irma You will be required to pay this extra amount in addition to the plain premium The amount is usually taken off from the social security benefit. You may get a bill from the Medicare or the RRB Don't pay where care do SSH mode this nap for the party Irma. You must continue to pay part A and puppy premium We will not correct any premium this time But we do not we do need to know you like to Pay any premium in the future. You can pay your monthly premium where care do SSH mode this nap $0 monthly premium Including any net and non-man penalty that your current half on may own by mail each month You can also choose to pay your premium by having an auto-media taken out from your social security or real or retirement for benefit each month You don't worry about that because you're Medicaid going to help you cover part A and puppy premium Okay, and also you have no net and non-man penalty all right So since this program is a $0 monthly premium for the application They still need to choose the payment method So most people they will choose the repeal When they receive the statement matter it will show zero dollar. You don't need to do anything. It's okay for you Okay, all right Darabia will continue until your eft phone have been pro-c Please know that if you have actual help and uh and know in applying with drug coverage You may experience change in premium copay if actual help level change Now to finish your normal we need to go through some important legal information I will now play the cm as required disclaimer. Please stay on the phone for the record disclaimer If you have a question during the recording ask me to start the recording. Please do not hang up otherwise your normal will not be complete After listening to the disclaimer if you agree what you heard I will proceed your warbos in nature. So I'm gonna play the recording disclaimer after that I can provide a customer service phone number and a confirmation number for you, okay? All right You Well-cared the licensed and certified representative of Medicare Advantage HMO HMO SNP PPO PPO SNP and PFFS organizations and stand alone PDP prescription drug plans Each of the organizations there represent has a Medicare contract Enrollment in any plan depends on contract renewal Non-contracted out-of-network providers are not obligated to treat you except for emergencies are urgently needed services Otherwise you may be responsible for the costs Your ability to enroll in the special needs plan is based on verification that you are entitled to both Medicare and the qualifying level of Medicaid The information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of my knowledge I understand that if I am getting assistance from a sales agent broker or other individual employed by or contracted with well-care Here she may be paid based on my enrollment in well-care well-care serves a specific service area If I move out of the area that well-care serves, I need to notify the plan so I can disenroll and find a new plan in my new area Once I am a member of well-care I have the right to appeal plan decisions about payment or services if I disagree I understand that my verbal signature or the verbal signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the individual under the laws of the state Where the individual resides on this application means that I have read and understand the contents of this application If signed by an authorized individual, this verbal signature certifies that One, this person is authorized under state law to complete this enrollment and two documentation of this authority is available upon request by Medicare Okay, all right. Just want to make sure Mr. Michael, do you have any question? Okay. All right. No problem. Okay. Let me finish this one. I can provide a member service phone number for you. Okay All right, do you understand? I'll agree to the statement that we have a review in this call including your intention to know in this plan Do you understand that you are and know in the plan where care do SSH mode this nap H 0 9 0 8 0 0 1 monthly premium no more than zero dollar Playing proposed effective day is a February 1st 2024 subject to approved by Medicare if you do agree Please confirm your answer. Yes Okay, all right today is a January 3rd 2024 to confirm your application and to acknowledge the information on this annulment phone is correct to the best of your knowledge You understand that if your intention provides false information on this phone you will be decent know and from the plan To and all you with work here do SSH mode this nap H 0 9 0 8 0 0 1 please state your full name and today is stacer 2024 all right Okay, all right, so I do have your permission to help you submit the application in my correct sir Okay, perfect Okay, all right, Mr. Michael, I already help you submit the application where care was sent you confirmation that your application was received We will also notify you by the mail of the status of your annulment the Center for Medicare Medicaid correct information from the Medicare plan To check beneficiary annulment in the Medicare event during prescription drop plan So if I need to contact you 234 303-5241, I can call this number, right Okay, perfect. Do you have a paper and pen? Are you ready for the confirmation number and the customer source phone number? Okay, all right your confirmation number is H as a Henry P as a Peter T as a Tom 103 96 That's your confirmation number Okay, and also please write it down the customer source phone number Members of the phone number are you ready? Okay, one eight three three four four four nine zero eight Okay, and they are open seven days a week from AAM to APM TDI user can call seven one one All right So Mr. Michael I already help you complete the application today But we do have a final step need to complete so I'm gonna help you connect to the our member care team They just want to make sure I take care everything for you So it only take about one minute to finish okay, so before I help you connect to their department. Do you have any other question? Any other question? Okay, you have a phone number eight four four nine eight one one four oh seven Extension number four seven zero one my name is Kai any question you always can call me back, okay You want my pleasure My pleasure. Thank you so much for your patient and for your time to let me help you your uncertainty today So I wish you have a wonderful new year today new year this year, okay So I'm gonna have you connect to the other department you only take about one minute to finish all right Thank you Actually be honest with you. I don't even pay attention on that I don't know when gonna be Exactly New Year's Day, you know, you know what because I will yeah, I was so busy for the job You know, I don't even pay attention for the I'm gonna be I know the New Year's coming Chinese New Year going to come in maybe February maybe the early February, but I didn't check for exactly day so every time Yeah, that's a shame, right? Yeah, I don't even know who I'm gonna be next year Thank you for reminding me I will check them out, okay? Okay, all right, I'm gonna have you connect to the other department with a Michael, okay? Thank you Okay, nice to you. Yes Yeah, my pleasure. Thank you Mm-hmm. I don't think there match customer care team Hi, yes, uh, hi. How are you? Uh, Mr. Michael? Just give me a minute. Okay. All right. I have a customer CID-108 4-5 3-4-8 Okay, give me one number ID number Um, okay, for Michael Klein correct. Yes, it's the well-cared HMO business plan correct. Yes All right, I could go ahead and take over whenever you're ready Okay, thank you so much. So Mr. Michael, so I have an agent on an entry will be take care for you, okay? Thank you. You have a wonderful New Year. Take care. Happy New Year. Mm-hmm. Bye-bye Hi, Michael. My name is Zachary Stidle. I'm part of Health Plan 1 clear match customer care team I do need to let you know this call will be recorded for quality and training purposes Um, today it looks like we're confirming your enrollment into the um, let's see The well-care dual access HMO decent plan with the start date of uh, February 1st, 2024. Is that correct? Right, and I want to make sure that you have your agent's name and phone number Perfect. Do you have any questions regarding your enrollment today? And um, did you go over your doctors and prescriptions with your agent and um Your plan is made to work with both Medicare and Medicaid. If you have any changes to your Medicaid level Make sure that you give your agent a call so that she can Keep up with that We'd also like to make sure that we have your permission to give you a call if there's any need to follow up by saying yes You're confirming that you agree and consent for our company to contact you With phone calls, voicemail, and text messages containing information about our products and services We may use an auto-diler or pre-recorded message for these communications and you're not required to consent to make a purchase You're agreeing to receive these communications as this number even if the numbers on it do not call it. Is that all right? Perfect and What is the best phone number to reach you at? No problem Okay, no problem Perfect and Here how would you rate your health excellent very good good bear or poor good Um, do you have high blood pressure? depression anxiety high cholesterol obesity anemia diabetes kidney disease arthritis dementia all timers any trouble with transportation Okay, is it ever hard for you to like make it to a point then okay is Do you have a place to live a place to live Do you always feel safe when you're at home and around all the people in your life Do you always feel safe when you're at home or around all the people in your life um In the past 12 months Were you worried that you'd run out of food? And did you run out of food in the past 12 months? okay and Over the past two weeks, how often have you felt sad, down, depressed? Okay, and um, do you need any help with any day-to-day activities like cleaning, cooking, bathing, getting dressed? Um, do you have a written life plan document like an advanced directive or living will? um In the past months have you had pain that interferes with your life? How would you rate the worst pain you felt over the last five days on a scale of zero to ten? Pain, yes So what would you rate it, uh, zero through ten? four, okay Um, in the past year how many times have you fallen? Um, have you had the COVID vaccine? Um, have you had your flu shot? Um, the pneumonia vaccine? The tetanus vaccine? Yes A shingles vaccine Um, when's the last time you saw a dentist? Saw a dentist? Okay, and during the past year, how often have you had five or more alcoholic drinks in one day? Okay, and um, do you use any tobacco products? All right, so that is it for the resource assessment. This assessment will help maximize the resources available to you. I want to thank you for rolling. Please don't hesitate to reach out to your agent if you'll have any questions All right, you are all set. You have a fantastic rest of your day Thank you very much. Bye bye

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  That's my plan No, nope No problem Yes, miss Kai Yes, Michael Klein 325 64 yes, yes Yes, yeah, I don't care about that Okay, okay, would you say February 1st? What's that mean? I'm gonna start to be where you're first. All right All right, what do you want? What do you want me to say? Yes, I understand Yes Bond your bond your all right. I have yes Yes All right Yeah, give me one Oh You want my mate a care number? Of course Can you look at I was my my card in my chair actually 325 64 I'm a male That's a little bit up to me one second I just gave it to you All right, this this the phone number I'm gonna give you is the one I want you to use all right I don't know I'm looking I'm looking it up on the phone here and it keeps going it fucking the head I Like 234 303 524 once yes Now that that's like a that now that's a backup on it shit I just got this phone. That's it. That's a that's a white white phone just a regular phone Yeah, I Well, I lost two phones last month within the week at the same place one when a toilet one when in a garbage camp for a water and I don't remember I don't remember the name of the phone company, so I can't keep the same number All right, so I got yes, all right Michael Klein 1 9 6 4 3 3 3 3 3 at gmail.com 5 3 You won't believe how hard it is to get to get to get a number Yes, 5 3s yes All right, well, well, well, well, well, well, hold on. What's my monthly bill? Well, okay, yeah, all right, so go ahead All right, so I'm gonna get my statement on email is what you think 400 broke there's three Bartman 714 Akron, Ohio 44307 Jay again I didn't understand you go ahead Oh Summit no Caucasian white English no French no Chinese English all right All right go ahead All right, it's just to hold it. It's just a customer service number. Okay Oh gosh Okay, about time Yeah, we would have been done if I didn't hear about the English and Chinese and the French and all that I'm joking. I'm joking You speak Chinese. Well, your name is yeah Well, your your your name's Kai. I guess right now Kai. I mean it. Are you Chinese? I had no one do you speak Chinese Did you I just had to go to Chinatown in New York they got good Chinese food Yeah, they got authentic Chinese food and not not stuff you got as Chinese restaurant New York New York got the authentic stuff The purple brock purple broccoli Yeah, purple broccoli is real Chinese food So all this squid All right, go ahead No Yeah, being that page so much child support Medicaid pace for my Medicare actually, but yes, I'm in Medicaid Yeah, I gave it to you You try this in a natural way maybe you can see yeah Ain't one Yeah, I had that I was just kind of correct myself I put the glasses back on all of that all right nine one Uh zero zero zero zero eight Two nine seven six life. I'm on Social security disability now She divorced a little time. I'm divorced. Oh, I have to know this All right, so I should mention the 716 700 six thousand dollars like that that number of mine. I'm joking Go ahead No 700,000. I know my All right, go ahead All right, that's how great Now just in the uh Let me watch right now You're giving me your customer service number basically Microphone January or dirt And yeah, it's a couple of days ago. Yes Yes No, no Okay, thank you Kai. Uh, you're helpful You know You're Chinese. What's the animal this year? You don't know if it's a dragon or a lot of them I All right Tricky animals because what it name like Kai someone he's gonna answer that question Yes, all right, thank you again, Kai. You have a awesome you're awesome. Thank you All right What is that? Yes, I do Yes Well, I'm on a second, please I guess what I gotta look it up on a different one. I'm saying I just have to All right, 2, 3, 4, 3, 0, 3, 5, 2, 4, 1 Good Yes Yes, yes No, um, I don't have a license, uh, but there was uh, you know, it was a much closer. Yeah, she explained to me You know my transportation Situation you guys yes. Yes. Hold on one side. I'm not trying to put you on The phone. I'm you're on speaker right now. I'm trying to All right, say that again Yes, yes. Yeah, I managed. I'm right. Yeah Well, that's kind of uh Every date back then for me. No, no No, you're saying paint. I got a I got like attention Uh, like my shoulders times all and it kind of takes a little bit Not all about a board Uh, yeah, I got to the rhythm you don't want. I haven't, uh, I gotta need a book About this year or something Not even the notice of vaccine for a morning Okay, yes, I didn't know where to proceed for tenancies or I thought you had tenancies. I mean you cut me so That I what Um, I'm on my third appointment trying to get a bridge right now Tomorrow's my third appointment for the bridge Actually my point my fourth point Oh, I'm in the one month Yes, please move Okay, okay. Thank you, but