Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hello, thank you for taking our call. My name is Manuel Acosta, my license agent with Wellcare. How are you today? Well, happy new year. So this is an open enrollment period where we did. God bless you. So as you know, this is open enrollment period. If you're on Medicare and if you have an advanced plan, you are entitled to take another look to make sure you have all the benefits you are entitled to. Is that what you're trying to accomplish today? Okay. Let me see if we can help you with that. What's your first or last thing, please? Thank you. And Ms. Marsha, the call is being recorded for quality and training purposes. We don't offer every plan available in the area. May please have your date of birth and your zip code. Thank you for that. You do have Medicare, AMB active, correct? Are you receiving any military health coverage such as try care, chat VA, or VA benefits? Do you receive or are you losing health care coverage from an employer group or retiree plan? And do you have access to your red, white and blue card with you? Medicare, your Medicare card. Okay. If I have your permission to verify, what's your red, white, and blue card ID number? Okay. I want to try a sit for now. Okay. Give me a moment. So make sure I got that correct. Perfect. And can you please confirm the address that's showing on file? Yes. The one Medicare has on file for you right here. Thank you. All right. So let me go ahead and put all this together here. See what type of benefits we can help you with. It's also says that you have Medicaid. Is that still active? Okay. Medicare's showing something. Don't worry. I want to do, I'm going to put all this together. I'm just going based on the information that I'm seeing and then we're going to see how we can help you. Okay. Well, I do that. I'm going to get a disclaimer out of the way that Medicare requires. So stay with me on the line with a short recording while I put all this information for you together. Okay. Thank you. Here we go. Wednesday, January 3rd, 2023. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 7-1-1 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the do not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by Autodilor or pre-recorded message, even if this number is on the do not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpon.com. Okay, thank you for your patience, so if we do get disconnected, do I have your permission to call you back? And do I have your permission to discuss Medicare advantage plans? Oh right, so, so you know, you do have Medicaid. I just confirmed that, so you do have Medicaid, that's actually good news and I've got some better news. There are, there is a plan that you are eligible and it does have some food allowance, so let's see how we can help you with that, okay? All right, so now as great of these, these plans are going to sound as a like says agent is an also an advisor, it's always important that the plan works for you. So, if you're not willing to change your primary care doctor, let's make sure your doctor's in network. What's the name of your primary care doctor? Okay, how long? When's the last time you saw your doctor? Okay, well, I'm glad that you're back and fine and that also tells me that you're pretty healthy, so you're not having to see your doctor a lot. So, here's another important question. Good, good for you. Okay, so let me go over the plan and then we'll discuss the doctor's situation afterwards. Let's just make sure the plan works for you, okay? So the good news is that you have, you do have Medicaid, that's a huge help when it comes to these plans because with the type of Medicaid that you have, you don't have any co-paste for any of your part A and part B services. You know, like doctor visits, specialist visits, even when you went to the hospital, if you had Medicaid two years ago, you probably didn't have to pay anything because Medicaid covers all that. You also don't pay your part B premium because Medicaid covers that for you. So you get in a lot of assistance, okay? Now, when it comes to you picking the plans that you're entitled to, that's really where you're going to see if one works more for you than the other. So you mentioned you're looking for something that helps you with food. So here's a plan that I have in your area, okay? And by the way, so you know, you are already on a Medicaid approved plan. This is the plan you've had since August of last year. You didn't change anything or you did was let it renew. Are you familiar with your benefits with that plan? Not at all, okay. So here's a plan that you're eligible for. It's called the Wellcare Dual Liberty HMO D SNP. Dual means that you're a dual eligible, that's because you have both Medicare and Medicaid at the moment and you're eligible for it. Now, when it comes to the spendables allowance, this plan gives you $90 every month. It will roll over if you don't use it. So whatever you don't use one month, rolls over into the next month. So it's $90 every month and you can use that to buy healthy food and produce. You can even use it to pay gasoline at the pump. If you want to put a little bit aside for the over-the-counter items, go ahead. Okay. Is there a Walmart in your area that you're frequent? Okay. So, okay. So here's what you do. No worries. So here's how this works with this plan. If you choose the plan, you're going to get a spendables card. It's like a debit card. You'll activate it. You'll add a hand on it. And then, if you're going to, you need, you know, again, it's $90 every single month. So if you want to use it for food, whoever it is, you're going to send out. Let them go to the approved, the approved grocery stores. Like, I know for a fact, Walmart, Albert Sands, the Kroger's, there's no publics. There's a lot of retailers, safeway, that accept the card. So you can send them with your card and say, look, I need, you know, this is what I need. Now, when it means healthy food and produce, it's a pretty big list. Now, let's say, do you pay a utility? Do you have a utility bill under your name? Okay. Okay. So right now, you're paying the utilities out of pocket, right? You're having to pay for that on your own. Okay. So let's say you wanted to free up some of that money. Let's just $50, $60 a month. I'm just throwing out a number. You can actually use this, you can use this spendables card to take care of one of those bills up to that dollar amount. Now, you just freed up that money from your product. You just freed up that $50, $60 from your budget. You put that towards your food budget. So there's so many ways you can use the spendables card. So if you're looking for assistance with food, utility, even gasoline at the pump, this is the plan that you're entitled to and you're eligible for it. Here's, oh yeah, I have members do that all the time. Now, here's the catch. Because it is an HMO, I do have to assign you a doctor. So if you're not, you know, the old term, marry to your doctor. And if you don't mind me finding you a new doctor, we can do that. If you don't want to switch your doctor, is there any way you can find out the name? Does that doctor prescribe you any medicine? Okay, perfect. Let's do that. Thank you for that. That is the easiest way to do this. So I take any one moment here. Thank you. Okay. All right. I have one on 109th Street, Southwest and Lakewood. It's literally 0.6 miles within your zip code. The name is Buffy Lang family practice primary care. Okay. So we can start there. We ever want to see this doctor. That's fine. If you prefer going to the emergency or that's the case, again, you're covered anyways when it comes to that scenario. Okay. Okay. Or if you do get ill and or you call an ambulance, right? There is why that's important with this plan. If you have ambulance, your ambulance services, doesn't matter whether it's ground or air, it's a zero copay. Yeah. So let me go over all of the benefits that you're going to get on this plan. Okay. So that you fully understand them. So this is the 2024 summary of benefits. State of Washington for the well care dual liberty HMOD STEM. So first thing to understand, you have your level of Medicaid, which you didn't you didn't know you had is Q and B status. What does that mean? Q and B Medicaid will pay your Medicare part A and B premiums deductibles, co insurance, co payments. And that's what you have. Okay. So on this particular plan, the monthly plan premium is zero. You must continue to pay your Medicare part B if not otherwise being paid for by Medicaid, which right now it is called Apple Health. Your deductible is zero. The maximum amount of pocket responsibility for part A and part B services is 8,850. But because you have Medicaid, you won't have to worry about that because they're going to pay all your part A and B services. For example, a part A, go ahead. Absolutely. I'll give you a number for them to send you one. You won't need. Okay. So here's the thing about these plans. When you have when in about 15 business days, you know, give or take, you'll get the well care card. Once you have that card, that's your everything card. You don't need your red, white, and blue card. And you don't need your Medicaid card because this is a Medicaid approved or yeah, this is an all in one card. Okay. So let me let me go over the the coverages like in patient hospital coverage. That is considered a part A service. You're going to have a zero copay for days one through 90 per admission. Outpatient hospital coverage, zero copay for surgical and non-surgical services. Outpatient hospital observation services are zero copay, ambulatory surgical centers, zero copay. If you need to see a primary care doctor, which I assigned zero copay, if you need to see a specialist, it's a zero copay. Your preventative care, like your annual wellness visits, cardiovascular screenings, anything of that nature is a zero copay. Emergency care is a zero copay. Worldwide emergency coverage is in the plan. That's the only time you'll see a copay to $100. You get up to $50,000 max coverage. You just have to be admitted into worldwide emergency or urgently being at service. If you need to go to an urgent care, it's a zero copay. Your diagnostic services, labs, and imaging are all zero copay. You will have a hearing benefit. You get a hearing exam and you will have up to $1,000 allowance for hearing aids. You will have dental coverage. Your preventative is covered with a zero copay. Your comprehensive is also covered like dentures, fillings, things of that nature. You have up to $4,000 worth of comprehensive dental coverage. You also get vision. You get a free eye exam and you get up to $200 for contacts, classes, lenses, and or frames for the year. Mental health services, zero copay for days one through 90, per admission. Outpatient individual therapy and group therapy visits are zero copay. Skilled nursing facilities are zero copay for days one through 100. Your therapy and rehabilitation services are zero copay. You get transportation services. Let's say you needed to go to a doctor or you wanted to go to a plan approved site. The plan does give you up to 36 one-way trips every year with a zero copay. You just got to schedule it 72 hours in advance. The Medicare Part B drugs are zero copay. Insulin and allergy antigens are zero copay. Your prescriptions, your annual prescription deductible is zero. All covered drugs are zero copay. Some covered drugs are limited to a 30-day supply and you get 30 and up to 100-day supply from all retail network pharmacies. For Medicare approved cover practice services, it's a zero copay. Medicare approved acupuncture. It's a zero copay. The combined benefits for pain management are zero copay. Pediatry services, Medicare covered are zero copay. You do get access to virtual visits 24 hours a day, seven days a week to board certified doctor via teledop. You can discuss general medical, behavioral health, dermatology and more. Com-health agency care is a zero copay. Post-acute meals. This is immediately following an inpatient hospital stay or zero copay. If you need medical equipment and supplies or zero copay, prosthetics or zero copay, diabetic suppliers or zero copay, diabetic therapeutic shoe inserts or zero copay. The wellness program is included. It's a fitness plan. It's a zero copay for the year. The annual physical exam is zero copay, 24-hour nurse and by-slime is zero copay. In-home support services, you can do zero copay for each in-home support service visit, up to six visits a year. Over the counter, benefits. This is what's called the well care spendables. So it's $90 a month, total is $1,084 a year. You can use it for over-the-counter items, you can use it for healthy food. And this is healthy foods and produce. You can even order prepared meals that are available for order via an online portal. So that's even something you could try out, see if that's something that can work for you. Gas at the pump can be used and even for utility assistance. So, Ms. Marsha, how does it plan on to you? Any questions? You're welcome. Now, one last thing. I'm going to be your licensed agent moving forward. So any questions you have for this plan? Yeah, shortly I'm going to give you my number and my name so that way, if you have any questions, you can always call me, okay? Now, one last thing. Are you using a particular pharmacy right now? Okay. And at that wargrain? Okay. And are you currently taking any prescriptions? Okay. Good for you too. No prescriptions? That's wonderful. All right. So, you have a pen and paper to write with. I'm going to give you my name and number next. Okay. My first name is Manuel M-A-N-U-E-L. My last name is Acosta A-C-O-S-T-A. My phone number, if you're ready to get a hold of me, is 844-981-1407. If you want to repeat that to me, please. Working here at home, helping people like yourself. Yeah. Well, you know, it's interesting. I actually been doing this. We're going on two years. My wife's been doing it for about 12 years, but she works locally. I work remotely. And the nice thing about remote is I get to talk to people all over the country, because I'm licensed in over 40-something states. So, it's really nice. You know, it's fun talking to people and I'm a people person. And I love, I love helping people when they're, because this, you know, this whole Medicare thing, it's not easy to navigate. And sometimes it's to get confusing. Even for us agents that we actually have to take courses and study for all this. So, thank you. Appreciate you. Okay. So, let's see here. I'm almost done. We're going to get you enrolled here real quick. Yes, we do have Medicaid. I'm just getting your Medicaid ID number. So, most definitely, my number, my name, put it in a safe place. I work Monday through Friday from 10 AM to 6.30 PM Eastern. If for some reason you can't get a hold of me, you can always leave a message with one of my colleagues and they will send me a message and I always do, we'll get back to you, okay? You're welcome. Let's see here. I'm almost ready to get you started here. You are in the state of Washington. I saw the, I saw, I have it. I have a lot of members in New York. I'm a football fan. So, and I'm from Texas, but I did appreciate Washington State going and taking care of business that like they showed up. They deserve a shot at the championship. So, I'm a little bit torn. I want Washington to win the title when it comes to New York. I'm going to to the college football. So, are you a Washington State fan or who's your team? There you go. I'm a fan of all those three. I really am because, see, I'm a cowboy fan, okay? And there's teams that are not going to work for me, but I don't mind the bills. I think they're a great team. I'm a big fan of my homes. I think he's a good, a good player. And the Seahawks have one of my nephews is the Seahawks fans. So, we always have a good time when it comes to the Seahawks. So, right? I know. It's going to be, it's going to be an interesting playoff. Yes, it is. It's going to be fun. That's awesome. I love it. I love it. Okay. So, let's get you started here on your application, Ms. Marcia. Do me a favor. Verify the spelling of your first and last names. On your red, white and blue card, is there a middle initial? Thank you. And then, can you confirm your gender for me, please? I know it's a silly question. It's a silly question, but I got to ask it. And do you have any email address, or would you like me to put it on the application? No worries. What about the phone number you call in me? That's okay. Can you confirm the number you call in me from? No worries. I mean, I have it on the caller ID. It ends in two, four, seven, six. Is that correct? Don't worry. That's okay. Now, one more question, because this one, that is an important one. Did you call us, or did we call you, Ms. Marcia? Okay. Somebody called you and then they transferred you to me, right? Okay. So, here's what we're going to do. There's two things we can do. Well, on the phone right now, I can, I know you just got a new phone. Are you able, do you have a text messaging on your phone? Can you access that? Okay. So, do me a favor. Let's go over my phone number, and I'm going to give you my extension, because I'm going to have you call me right back, and then we're going to finish this application, okay? Okay. So, phone number, where you're going to call me right back, 844-981-1407. You got that, right? Okay. When you call me, wait for the prompt when it asks you, if you have an extension, enter it now. You're going to enter 4864. That'll come, that'll come directly to me. As soon as we hang up, you're going to call me right back. It's just the thing. Medicare doesn't allow me to do your app if we call you. But if you call me, I can finish your application. That's why, if you had access to the app to your phone, then I can send you the link. But we're not going to worry about that. If for some reason, another agent answers the call, just tell them to transfer you to Manuel Acosta. I'm going to be waiting for your call. So, let's hang up and call me right back, okay? Martian? All right. Talk to you here in a minute. Okay.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Oh, I've had better days honey. Thank you. Happy new year to you too. I made it another year. God bless me. What I really, really need honey is food stamps or a food card or something. Marsha class K L A A S 228 45 98 499. Yes, I do. No, no. Yeah, I have it someplace. Give me a minute. Okay, I have my cards. Dicks, D as a dog, H as in house, H, P as in Peter, F as in Frank. I think that's a, I don't know if that's a 6 or 8. 6, P as in Peter, R as in Roderick, 6, 7. My address, honey, is that what you want? 61, 60. Still look a bowl of our southwest. Lakewood, Washington, 98, 499. As far as I know, I don't have Medicaid. If I have it, it's news to me. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Okay. Okay, honey. Oh, you bet. Yes, I'm an open book, honey. Okay, all right. I honestly don't know. Oh, when I was in the hospital two years ago, I'm sorry. I'm not a doctor runner, honey. Trust me. Okay. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. Not at all. How do I go about buying groceries with this? I don't go to work. Honey, I'm almost totally bedridden. I usually send a grandchild with my card, like a food stamp card or something to go to the store for me. Okay. Okay. Oh, I have, yeah. I got a lot of utility. Yes. Okay. Oh, I see. Now, I could take this card and send my granddaughter to the grocery store and she can buy groceries with it, right? Okay. All right. Oh, just let's just cut the chase. I'm not a doctor runner. If I get so bad, I'll go to the hospital. Outside of that, I don't run to the doctor. So find me one. If that's the easiest way to do that, let me really put it that way. Some place close in the Lakewood area. I don't care if it's male or female. I don't care. Yeah, that's fairly close to me. Yes, sir. Oh, okay. That's fine. That's fine. Because St. Clair's is like five blocks away from me. And well, no, usually, you know, like I said, if I get so ill, I just have my neighbor take me up to St. Clair's. That's the easiest thing for me. Right. Correct. Exactly. Yes. Oh, oh, that's wonderful. Oh, my God, that's wonderful. Okay. All right. Can I ask you a question? How do I get my Medicaid card? Oh, wonderful. Oh, that's wonderful. Oh, honey. Thank you. God bless you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, wow. I'm on my knees thanking the Lord for you today. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You have no idea what it means to an old lady. You have no idea. Oh, honey. God bless you. God bless you. Okay. I usually go to Walgreens. It's right around the corner for me. Or I go to a top, you know, one of the grocery stores, whatever, but Walgreens is the closest. I'm sorry. And no, I'm not. No. Okay. Shoot. I'm ready. Okay. Okay. Where have you been on my life, honey? Oh, God bless you. Oh, God bless you, honey. You're good at what you do. God bless you. God bless you 100 times. Okay, honey. I appreciate that. Thank you. Have you ever been here? Have you? It is. It's a beautiful state. I'm originally from New York. I've been here. I've been out here. Oh, I've been out here over 40 years. I absolutely love it. I love it. I'm a football free, honey. You're talking to the right person. I love football. No, I'm a Seahawks. I like the Seahawks, the Buffalo Bills, and the Kansas City Chiefs. Those are my three teams. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I love the Seahawks. Yeah, they're my, they're my buddies, and of course, the Buffalo Bills. That's my old hometown team. And Kansas City, I just like my homes and the whole team. I like their team. I think their team is awesome. It's going to be interesting. Very interesting. Yep. Yep. But I am a football freak. Oh, I'm telling you. Marcia M-A-R-S-H-A-K-L-A-S-L. No, that's okay. Female. No, just, I don't do email. I don't do any of that stuff. I know I should, but I don't. Yeah, let me find it. I just got to, this is a new number. Hang on a second. Oh, Lord. I know I have it somewhere. Okay. I'm sorry, honey. I'm sorry. Please bear with me. Have to take it off the caller ID. I can't find a piece of paper that I have it on. I just got this phone about a month ago. You called me, or you guys called me, right? Correct. I can't access it. No. Okay. Got that. Yes. Okay. Oh, I see. Okay. All right. I will. All right.