Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hello. Okay. Okay, Sherry. This call is the monitor and recorded for training purposes. And we do not offer every plan available in your area. Can you please verify your name and zip code? In your zip code? Thank you. Okay. Okay. Sherry, I will be I will be reading disclosures and and I will be asking you questions. Some of those questions are repeated because this is the process to the enrollment itself. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Please know our call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. Do you agree? I will not offer every plan available in your area. Currently we represent 10 organizations which offer 83 products in your area. Please contact Medicare.gov or 1-800-Medicare or your local state health insurance program to get information on all of your options. Please verify the spelling of your first and last name. Thank you. Please verify your data birth. Thank you. For this application, we will ask you, we will ask questions to process your application. I will cover the plan requirements, review the pre-enrollment checklist and the summary of benefits and answer any questions you may have. The pre-enrollment checklist can also be reviewed on World Care website. Your current healthcare coverage will end once your new Medicare coverage starts. For example, if you are in a dry care or a Medicare plan, you will no longer receive benefits from that plan once your new coverage starts. At the end of the application, we will ask you to confirm the accuracy of your answers which will be recorded. Please confirm that you consent by saying yes. Your response to this form is voluntary, however failure to respond may affect an enrollment in the plan. We have free interpreter services to answer any questions you may have about this health or drug plan. To get an interpreter, just call us at 1-800-633-4227-TTY-711. This is a free service. The following languages are included. Spanish, Chinese, Tagalog, French, Vietnamese, German, Korean, Russian, Arabic, Italian, Portuguese, French, Creole, Polish, Hindi, Gujarati, Thai and Japanese. Someone who speaks those languages can help you. You are not required to provide health related information unless this information is needed to determine your eligibility to enroll in the plan. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in the plan. We comply with applicable federal civil rights laws and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex. Before making an enrollment decision, it is important that you fully understand the plan's benefits and rules. Based on what we have discussed, please confirm that you would like to enroll in well-care, no premium HMO with an effective date of February 1st of 2024 and a plan premium of $0. Is that correct? I am confirming that if you are in an existing plan, you want to switch from your current plan into this plan. Is that correct? If you are ready to enroll, then we will fill out the application and process your signature. Once we complete the signature, I will give you the application number for reference. Tell you who want to expect materials in the mail and provide you with the customer service number for the reference. Are you ready to enroll now? Now we will proceed with completing the application. Would you please provide the following? The middle initial as it appears on your Medicare card. Your middle initial. Your middle initial. Your middle name, the M. Okay. Thank you. Your Medicare claim number. The one you gave me. Oh, you didn't find it. Okay. Okay. You didn't find your Medicare card. I believe you gave me your social, right? Okay. So never mind. What is your database? Thank you. What is your sex, male or female? What is your telephone number? Thank you. Is there an alternate telephone number you would like to provide? 3847. Thank you. Would you like to provide an email address so the plan can send your health information? Okay. Okay. I must, yes, I must advise you about giving me your email address that all of your documents will come in the mail. You will not receive physical, hard copies. Okay. Just one second. Let me add your email address then. Okay. Give me your email address now. 738. Okay. 738 at gmail.com. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Okay. By giving me your email address, you give express permission and will receive all of your plan materials and communications via email, including your most. I'm sorry. I didn't get what you said. Yeah, I fixed it. I fixed it. You will receive information in the mail and the plan information, the plan documents and books and stuff. You will receive them in my regular mail. USPS. Okay. What is your county of residence? Thank you. Your permanent resident street address. Your permanent resident street address. Okay. Thank you. Do you have a mailing address different from your home address? Okay. Thank you. Are you Hispanic, Latina or Spanish origin? Okay. So what's your race? Okay. Thank you. Would you like to receive your plan information in a different language or format like large print? Okay. Thank you. Please contact WellCare at 1-866-579-8006. If you need information in an accessible format, other than what's listed above. The plans office hours are 7 days a week from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. TTY user scan dial 7-1-1. Please provide your primary care physicians name. If you do not have a primary care physician, the plan will assign one to you. You can you can call the plans customer service if you want to change it. Well, I already gave it to you. You didn't have one so we can skip this question. Okay. Will you have other prescription drug plans in addition to this plan? Okay. Are you a resident in a long-term care facility such as a nursing home? Okay. Are you enrolled in the state Medicaid program? What is the ID number? Okay. So never mind. Okay. Don't worry. Will you be employed once you haven't? Sorry. Will you be an employed once you're once you have enrolled in this plan? Okay. Once enrolled, will you have other medical health coverage where you are the subscriber or are covered as a spouse or dependent? If you will have another health insurance. Okay. Okay. Planned payment. If you must pay part of the income related monthly adjustment amount part D, Irma, you will be required to pay this extra amount in addition to to your plan premium. The amount is usually taken out of your social security benefit or you may get a bill from Medicare. Don't sorry. Don't don't. Okay. This is pertaining to only the part D for prescriptions if you had any late enrollment penalty which you don't. So this doesn't apply to you but I am still required to read this to you. Okay. Okay. The amount is usually taken out of your social security benefit or you may get a bill from Medicare. Don't pay the part D, Irma. You must continue to pay your part A if applicable and part B premium. We will not collect any premium at this time but we do need to know how you would like to pay any premium in the future. You can pay your monthly plan premium MAPD plans with premium inserts including any late enrollment penalty that you currently have or may owe by mail each month. You can also choose to pay your premium by having it automatically taken out of your social security or railroad retirement board benefit each month. I'm sorry. Direct bills will continue until EFT forms have been processed. Please note that if you have extra help and are enrolling in a plan with drug coverage you may experience a change in premium or copy or copy if your extra help level changes. Now to finish to finish. Okay. Now to finish your enrollment we need to go through some important legal information. I will now play the CMS required disclaimers. Please stay on the phone for this recorded disclaimer. If you have a question during the recording ask me to stop the recording. Please do not hang up otherwise your enrollment will not be complete. After listening to the disclaimers if you agree to what you heard I will proceed to obtain your verbal signature. I'm playing the disclaimers now. Well care is a Medicare Advantage plan and has a contract with the federal government. I will need to keep my Medicare parts say in B. I can only be in one Medicare Advantage plan at a time and I understand that my enrollment in this plan will automatically end my enrollment in another Medicare health plan. It is my responsibility to inform you of any prescription drug coverage that I have or may get in the future. Enrollment in this plan is generally for the entire year. Once I enroll I may leave this plan or make changes only at certain times of the year. If an enrollment period is available example annual enrollment period from October 15 December 7 or under certain special circumstances. Well care serves a specific service area. If I move out of the area that well care serves I need to notify the plan so I can disenroll and find a new plan in my new area. Once I am a member of well care I have the right to appeal plan decisions about payment or services if I disagree. I will read the evidence of coverage document from well care when I get it to know which rules I must follow to get coverage with this Medicare Advantage plan. I understand that people with Medicare aren't usually covered under Medicare while out of the country except for limited coverage near the US border. I understand that beginning on the date well care coverage begins. I must get all of my health care from well care except for emergency or urgently needed services or out of area dialysis services. Services authorized by well care and other services contained in my well care evidence of coverage document also known as a member contractor subscriber agreement will be covered. Without authorization neither Medicare nor well care will pay for the services. I understand that if I am getting assistance from a sales agent broker or other individual employed by or contracted with well care he or she may be paid based on my enrollment in well care dot release of information. By joining this Medicare health plan I acknowledge that the Medicare health plan will release my information to Medicare and other plans as is necessary for treatment, payment and health care operations. I also acknowledge that well care will release my information including my prescription drug event data to Medicare who may release it for research and other purposes which follow all applicable federal statutes and regulations. The information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of my knowledge. I understand that if I intentionally provide false information on this form I will be disenrolled from the plan. I understand that my signature or the signature of the person authorized to act on my behalf under the laws of the state where I live on this application means that I have read and understand the contents of this application. If signed by an authorized individual as described above this signature certifies that one this person is authorized under state law to complete this enrollment and two documentation of this authority is available upon request for Medicare. Thank you for your patience. Do you understand and agree to the statements that we have pre-buring this call including your intention to enrolling this plan? Do you understand that you are enrolling in the plan well care no premium for a monthly premium of no more than $0. The plan's proposed effective date is February 1st, 2024 subject to approval by Medicare. Today is January the 4th of 2024 to confirm your application and to acknowledge the information on disenrollment in disenrollment form is correct to the best of of your knowledge. You understand that if you intentionally provide false information on this form you will be disenrolled from the plan. To enroll you in well care no premium, please state your full name and today's date. Today's date. Yes, thank you. Thank you. Your application has been successfully submitted right down your confirmation number. Okay, the letter H for Henry, for Henry P for Peter, T for Thomas, T for Thomas for Tomato. No, HPT1040408087. Yes, that's your confirmation number. Okay, and you will receive all of the plans, information and the two cards in the mail within two weeks from now from today. Okay, you don't have to activate the cards. They will be good to use in February the 1st. Okay, and you have my phone number. In my name, I will be your self-agent from now on. You can call me if you have any questions. Okay, at any time. Now, I have to transfer you to the verification department to complete the enrollment. Okay, just one second. Do you have any questions before I go? Okay, thank you. One second. Thank you. Okay, Ms. Sherry. Thank you for your time. Now, my colleague will do the verification for you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Good afternoon, Ms. Butler. Zizi may have heard my name is Alan. I'm part of the customer care team here at Welker. Be advised that this call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. Today, we will be confirming your enrollment into the Welker, no premium HMO. This plan officially begins on February the 1st, 2024. Is that correct? And I also want to confirm that you already have your agent's direct contact information. Do you have the phone number and the extension for your agent, Sir Rayus Michael? Do you have any questions regarding the enrollment? Now, did you guys get to go over your medications and your doctors? Perfect. Now, we'd like to ensure that we have your permission to call in case there is any needed follow-up. By saying yes, you can consent for a company to contact you via phone calls, voicemails, and the text messages that may contain information about our products and services. We may use an auto dollar and the pre-recorded message. And you're not required to consent to make a purchase. You are agreeing to receive these communications at this number, even if the number's on a do-not-call list, okay? Perfect. All right, then we're all good to go right here. Our next step is going to be making for that you guys get everything through the mail. So please be on the lookout for that. Now, if you happen to have any questions or any concerns, do not hesitate to reach out to your agent or us, okay? Perfect. Well, you have yourself a beautiful rest of your day now, Ms. Butler. Take care out there and call us if you need us. Thank you, Ms. Butler. Bye-bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  My name is Sherry Butler, and then you can have a report, it's 7, 7, 7, all five. Bye. Thank you. Thank you. Sorry. Thank you. So, it's H-E-R-R-Y. It's Sherry. Then Butler is B-U-T-L-E-R. It is February 2-0-1-9-8-2-year. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Yes. Yes. Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.