Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Okay. Thank you for calling well care. My name is Beth and E. Johnson. I'm a licensed Medicare advisor. How can I help you? Okay. All right. Gotcha. All right. So I am going to just let you know of course the call is monitored and recorded for quality and training. And then I am just going to go over that we do not offer every benefit available in your area. I don't have to play the disclaimer recording for you again because I know that we already went through that. So I'm just going to pick up from reading through the application. And in December you already went through the whole reading through the application process. It's like reading through disclaimers. You already went through that before. Okay. So yeah, that's what I am about to do. And I am so sorry that I have to do it again, but I'll try and be quick. I hold on. All right. So I will go over the differences with between the two plans. Yeah. So they enrolled you into the well cared dual access harmony. And you were receiving for your spending card $119 a month. So we'll go to 165. Also you were receiving $500 for contact lenses for glasses. It will go to 600. So you have a extra $100 for contact lenses or glasses. And then with your dental coverage, you actually do not have a limit on how much they will cover. So that is good. It looks like they were covering up to $4,000 on the dual access harmony. On the dual liberty, you don't have a maximum amount for the year. So that is good. And then they also cover implants, whereas though the dual access did not cover implants. So that is the differences there. I am going to start reading through the application. Just letting you know again that the call is monitored and recorded for quality and training purposes. Okay. And then letting you know that this plan does not have a monthly premium. So you do know what the dual plans you don't have any co-says for any of your services like your doctor's office, your urgent care, emergency care or all of your co-pays. Okay. Yes. Yes. I can definitely say for our dual plans there and they actually improve them for this year for our dual benefits. So just going over that we do currently represent nine organizations which offer 62 products in your area. You can contact Medicare.gov or 1-800 Medicare or your local state health insurance program to get information on all of your options. And then going over with you that I will be your agent on record. So after today if you have any questions like if you don't receive your cards in the mail which this should not be an issue again, you can call me. And then I will be calling you anyway because I have a follow-up call scheduled with you like two weeks from now just to make sure that you receive everything on time. I did put in for you to get your cards for this month. So they did let me know it's going to take about seven to 10 businesses to receive your card in the mail. But I can get your member ID for you if you would like that today as well. Do you have a email address on file that you would like to ask? Okay. All right. And then I am going to confirm with you that your middle initial is the letter T and your date of birth is 512-1957. All right. Okay. So for this application I will just be asking you questions to process your application. I will cover the plan requirements and benefits. Just going over what I basically just went over like the differences between the access and the liberty. Also just letting you know that you will still have your your coverage with the dual access up into the last day of this month and then starting on February 1st that's whenever the dual liberty benefits will start. So prior to that you will already receive your spending card of course it will go to 165 starting February 1st but you are still owed the $119 for this month as well that will be on your card. All right. No problem. And then do you know what you can use the card on? They went over that with you already? Okay. Yes. And you can also use it on rent too. Like if you pay over and then also the the bill does not have to be in your name. If it's not in your name that's fine they did just let us know that. So that's fine as well. Yeah. You can use it on utilities or rent assistance as well. No problem. So then I just want to go over at the end of this application. I will be asking you to confirm the accuracy of your answers which will also be recorded and I am just confirming as well that you are consenting to the application by saying yes. Hey so your response to this form is also voluntary. However failure to respond may affect enrollment into the benefits. We do have free interpreter services to answer any questions that you may have but I didn't give you the number of I don't think that you do need the interpreter services. So you are not required to provide any health-related information unless this information is needed to determine your eligibility. If you choose not to provide the requested health information you may not be able to enroll into the benefits. We do also comply with applicable federal civil rights laws. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or effects. Before making a decision it is important that you do understand the plans, benefits, and roles. Based on what we have discussed I am confirming that you would like to enroll into the well-careed dual liberty. The effective date will be February 1st of 2021 and just confirming with you that the plans monthly premium is zero is that correct. Okay so if you are ready to enroll then we will fill out your application and process your signature. Once we complete your signature I will be giving you the application number for your reference. Also telling you when to expect your cards and your materials in the mail and also providing with the customer service number for your reference. The next page I'm just reading off information that you have already provided and I already confirmed as being correct so I'm just reading it off to you. Your middle initial is the letter T and your Medicare number is 1xc0hs9cq32. Your part A and part B effective date is May 1st of 2022. Your date of birth is 5121957. Your gender is mail and then your telephone number on file would be 3612154187. And your home address is still 25011 Bucks Camp Road and that is that county road 201? Okay and that's Mathis, Texas and 78368 is the zip code. Okay now you do have the option to add a different mailing address or you can just keep it at your physical address as well. Okay and then the next two questions you can choose not to answer the following questions you would just say I choose not to answer that's perfectly fine but they would like to know if you are Hispanic, Latino or Spanish origin. Okay and what is your race? Okay and would you like to receive your plan information in a different language or format? Now I know yeah they assigned your primary care provider hold on one second. So yeah I did go over with you I think on the last call that you can let them note that they need to call the provider line to be added to our list right. Okay now I do want to go over with you. The next question would be you will not have any other prescription drug coverage other than the one that's already included in this plan or do you have any like VA or try care benefits and also confirming that you are not a resident in a long term care facility such as a nursing home. Okay now I know you already did provide well we did verify your Medicaid number already so I don't need you to provide that and there it is that all right so I have that will you be working or employed once you have enrolled into these benefits. Okay and once enrolled will you have other medical health coverage where you are the subscriber or are you covered as a spouse or dependent under somebody else's insurance. So going over with you once again this plan does not have a monthly premium so there is no bill or anything that they will need to send you or anything like that then just to finish your enrollment application we do need to go through some important legal information. I'm now going to be just playing the last require Medicare disclaimer please stay on the phone for this recording. If you have any questions during the recording you can ask me to stop playing the recording. Please do not hang up otherwise your enrollment will not be completed after listening to this final disclaimer if you agree to what you have heard I will proceed to obtain your verbal signature okay. Okay hold on. Well here DSNP is a licensed and certified representative of Medicare Advantage HMOHMOSNP, PPLPOSNP and PFFS organizations and standalone PDP prescription drug plans. Each of the organizations there represent has a Medicare contract. Enrollment in any plan depends on contract renewal. Non-contracted out of network providers are not obligated to treat you except for emergencies or urgently needed services otherwise you may be responsible for the costs. WellCareDSNP is also a coordinated care plan with a Medicare contract and a contract with a state Medicaid program. You must keep both hospital Medicare, Part A and Medical, Part B to stay in WellCareDSNP. You must continue to pay your Medicare Part B premium. You can only be in one Medicare Advantage plan at a time and enrollment in this plan will automatically end your enrollment in another Medicare health or prescription drug plan. I understand that when my WellCareDSNP coverage begins I must hit all of my medical and prescription drug benefits from WellCare. Benefits and services provided by WellCareDSNP and contain in my WellCareDSNP evidence of coverage also known as a member contractor subscriber agreement will be covered. I understand that people of Medicare are generally not covered under Medicare while out of the country except for limited coverage near the U.S. border. Neither Medicare nor WellCareDSNP will pay for benefits or services that are not covered. A WellCareDSNP Medicare Advantage plan is not Medicare supplement insurance. Benefits, premiums and or co-payments conjurants may change on January 1st, 2023. This information is not a complete description of benefits. Review the full list of benefits found in the evidence of coverage, EOC. You understand the benefits and conditions of enrollment as they have been explained for the plan WellCareDSNP. You understand that we will release information to Medicare and other plans as is necessary for treatment, payment and health care operations. Your ability to enroll in this special needs plan is based on verification that you are entitled to both Medicare and the qualifying level of Medicaid. The information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of my knowledge. I understand that if I intentionally provide false information on this form, I will be disenrolled from the plan. I understand that if I am getting assistance from a sales agent, broker or other individual employed by or contracted with WellCareDSNP, he or she may be paid based on my enrollment in WellCareDSNP. Okay, and then just do you understand and agree to the statements that we have reviewed in this call, including your intentions to enroll into this plan. Do you understand as you are enrolling into the WellCare dual-liberating, the monthly premium is no more than zero, and then the plans for full effective date will be February 1 of 2024, subject to approval by Medicare. All right, and then lastly, today is January 5, 2024. To confirm your application and to acknowledge the information on this form is correct to the best of your knowledge. You do understand that if you intentionally provide false information on this form, you will be disenrolled from the benefits. And then lastly, just to enroll you in the WellCare dual-liberating, please state your full name and today's date. Okay, so that does complete your application process. We will be sending you confirmation that your application was received and approved, of course. I do have your email address on file, so I have a couple of options because after this application, I do have to have you speak with the verification line and they just confirm that your application was submitted and went through successfully. But I know that you need your member ID. So the two options that I have for you, if you want to, I can have connect you with them and stay on the line and then connect you with member services representative to give you your member ID, or I can call customer service and get it for you and call you right back. It's either one of them up to you. It doesn't matter to me. If that made sense. I hope that made sense. That was like a lot. Okay, all right. So yeah, they might require that you be on the line anyway. So if that does happen, I might just call you with them on the line and then they can give you the number. Your member ID number. Yeah. So at this time, what I'm going to do is I'm going to connect you with the verification line. And I'm not sure if you went through this already, but they're just confirming that your application was submitted. And then probably within like the next five minutes, I'll be calling you back anyway to give you your member ID number. No problem at all. And it was a pleasure speaking with you. And then I'll talk. I'm going to talk to you in like five minutes anyway. So I'll connect you with the representative. I'll connect you with the representative and then I'll call you right back. All right. No problem. Hold on. Good afternoon. How are you doing today? Doing good as well. Thank you so much for asking. I do have to say just for quality and training purposes that this call will be recorded. And lastly, this process doesn't take more than four minutes. It consists of doing your plan's verification and assessment. Today, we are confirming your entrolment into Walker Dual Liberty Neutral HMLDSNP with an effective date of February 1st of 2024. Is that right? I also do want to confirm that you have missed Bethany's phone number and extension. Oh, Bethany. Correct. Any questions regarding your entrolment? Okay. Also, were you able to go over your doctor's and medications with Miss Bethany? Perfect. Okay. I have one last question from the verification. It's a small paragraph. And we'd like to ensure we have your permission to contact you. If there is any needed follow-up, that would be your phone calls, voicemails, and text messages, containing information about our products and services. Lastly, if you are great, that would be even though the number may be on it do not call list. Would that be okay? Thank you so much. Now, we will proceed with completing the resource assessment. If at any point you feel uncomfortable, please let me know. Firstly, how would you rate your health? Excellent, good, fair or poor. And have you recently been diagnosed with any chronic health condition? And then if you don't mind me asking, do have you needed assistance getting food, medications, or transportation? And do you feel safe at home and around the people that are in your life? Over the past two weeks, have you had any body pain or feelings of depression? And then have you needed assistance with daily activities? And then if you do not mind me asking, do you have a living will or an advanced directive? God, and we are almost done within the past year, have you fallen? And have you received any of these vaccinations, which are COVID, flu, pneumonia, tetanus, or shingles? And then when was the last time you saw a dentist? And during the past year, have you used any alcoholic or tobacco products? God. And if you do not mind me asking, what is the current year? Yes. And what is your preferred communication with us? Is that phone calls or messages? Okay, perfect. Thank you so much for enrolling with well care and please, if at any point you have any questions, Ms. Bethany is always here. Thank you.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Yes, ma'am, I'm returning in your call. Yes, this is William. Right. Yes, ma'am No problem Mm-hmm Wonderful, wonderful. Y'all have an excellent plans. Y'all really do Okay. Yes, ma'am. It's Thomas D. All small letters Not 1957 61 At G-mail this ma'am Okay Thank you They They also sent me a y'all sent me a catalog. I got that and on it's food Electric bills that I needed Over the counter medication for allergies whatever stuff like that. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Yes. No. Yes, ma'am. Correct Okay. Yes. Okay. Yes. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. It's just ma'am. But I'll keep it physical. No. Why? No. English is fine Yes, ma'am. No, I don't have any other benefits. No, no, no Okay Yes, William Thomas Davis Today's date is January the 5th, 2024 You can call me back in stone. Yeah, I'm sure Believe it or not Okay. Okay. Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Good. How are you? Okay. Yes, ma'am. Do you say Stephanie? Bethany? Okay. No, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Okay. Okay. Yes. I had four heart attacks. And so yeah, it's chronic. It hadn't changed in Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. My oldest history knows what to do in case I die or something. Yes. Yes. I had a tooth pulled about two months ago. The back. Oh, yes. No alcohol. But I quit smoking. So I've got about eight or nine days without smoking my current the current year. Well, I thought you said my current fear. I'm full of that. It's 2024. Either one's fine. You're welcome. Thank you.