Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling well care Medicare this call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. Please note, we do not offer every plan available in your area. My name is the meter hall my license health insurance agent, how may I hope you today. Thank you so much for calling me back. So yes, so as I said it before, I just have to go over all the plan details, which I am done now. I went over the full plan details. And regards to the well care give back plan. Now are there any other benefits that are important to you that we haven't already covered. So in regards to the benefits and regards to your fitness membership. The fitness is still included in the plan. No, ma'am. Yes ma'am. Again, you're not changing, you're not changing insurance companies. You're just changing over to a different plan that we provide. So nothing is going to change in regards to what you already have going on with your medications and all of that. Nothing's going to change. Everything's going to remain the same in regards to that. Only the thing different is some of your benefits. All right, so to make sure that we have the correct information on file to mail you what you need, can you please confirm your address for me. Thank you. All right, now we have insured that we have looked up all your doctors and providers. We went over how they were covered on this plan. Now as a reminder, you have selected an HMO plan. Please note if you go to a doctor hospital or medical facility that is not in the plan's network, you'll be responsible for 100% of the cost for that appointment. If you choose from the plan's large network of providers or services will be covered at the copays amount listed in the summary. Do you have any questions for me? Yes, they're going to send you your new car in the mail along with your new plan material. Once Medicare, please the application. Yes, you can go with your OTC. You can do it online. You can do it in a store. They'll send all the information in the mail with all the different areas, different locations that you can use the benefits correct. Yes, mail. So we have the submit a application to Medicare and then the plan will start on February 1st. So just bear with me here. Yes, yeah, back on your social security chat. Yes, ma'am. All right, so we chose this plan for you because want to give you back more money back on your social security check into you get the over the counter coverage as well. So bear with me here and making sure I have all my notes entered in the computer and then send this over to my supervisor for approval and then we'll do the application. Do you have an email address? Yes, ma'am, go ahead. All right, thank you. Now, are you able to access that while we're talking on the phone because they have it now where we're able to send you the information where you can review the application and submit it rather than us doing it the old fashioned way where I have to read word for word on the application. And go through that way. I can send you the link. You'll click on the link and you'll look at everything that's on the application that I see on my end and then you're able to review it and press submit while we're on the phone versus me. All right, so just bear with me here. I have to get approval before we can submit the application. All right, so just bear with me here one moment. The number we're talking on now is your cell phone. And you access your email through your cell phone or you have a computer. Okay. Because I was going to say we can try to see if you can do it the old fashioned. I mean, the tech savvy way just to see. You want to try it that way to see if you can access it, if you can do it that way. Okay. So give me one second here. Make sure I have everything all set up and then we'll try it. And if it works, at least we know you could do it. And if not, we still could do it the old fashioned way, but it won't hurt to try. You know, it's 2024. We're moving on to big things, right? Well, this is easy because I'm going to be on the phone with you anyways guiding you through it. You're just reading everything that I already input in the computer. You're looking at the application yourself and making sure that I put in the right information. That's it. Yes, ma'am. No, not yet. I'm just getting one, making sure I have everything on the application first. Do, do, do, do, do. Okay, we want a second. I just have to get approval from my supervisor before we can do anything. All right, give me one second. I'm going to place you in a brief hole. Let me reach out to him. One moment. Thank you for holding this, Bateman. I'm still waiting on my supervisor. So I just want to check back with you, okay? All right. Okay, go ahead and put it. You can put it on the charger while we're talking. Okay, well, how much percent do you have? Because it's going to take us another 15 minutes to do the application. Okay. So I'm going to try to do it through the e-link. He just did the approval. So I'm sending you the link. Now you go ahead and log into your email. I send the enrollment link. You'll get an enrollment link if you log into your email. Yes. Did you click on the link? Yes, click on it. You're going to click on the link. So you're going to review it. So you're reviewing everything that I went over already. Make sure everything is correct. Correct. So you're going to make sure that your name, your data bird address, all of that is correct. And if it's correct, then press next step. All right. Now you're going to look at that. Make sure everything on there is correct. That's your Medicare ID number. You're just going to compare it to your red, white, and blue car. Okay. So that's the information that I pulled up in the system. So I was able to pull that up. So then you're going to go down. Make sure that your primary care doctor information is right. Which is called a divorce. And you see where it says, are you already a patient? You don't have to worry about answering that because that's an optional. You're going to scroll down. You're going to scroll down some more. That's optional. So it doesn't matter if you answer that or not. All right. So you see where it says, will you have other prescription drug coverage, like VA, tri-care, in addition to the well-care give-back plan? Yes. So you have to answer that. That's the one you have to answer. No. Will you have VA or tri-care coverage? So then you put, no. And then you're going to scroll down some more and click on where it says coupon book. Because you don't have a premium. And then press next step. Just click, make sure you click on coupon book and press next. Now what do you see? Review my application. And then it says, applicant name, floor, abatement, right? You're going to be enrolling into the well care, give back HMO plan for February 1st, 2024 with the monthly plan premium of $0. You're going to scroll down and you're going to read the rest and make sure you click the box and scroll down some more and make sure you put your name into the box before pressing submit. So you make sure you click that box. And you're going to scroll down. Make sure that your phone number and your email address is correct. And then you're going to scroll down and you see where it has your name today's date. You're going to click on the green box. So it says by clicking this box, I agreed that my first and last name is accurate. Okay. Yes, ma'am. Okay, let's make sure you got everything. Okay. No, we did everything on the first page. Otherwise, it wouldn't let you get to the second. We did everything on the second. Otherwise, it wouldn't let you got you to the third. So let's see, we'll see on the last page. You press I acknowledge at the top. You press I acknowledge at the bottom. What do you see done yet? Yeah. No, you click on coupon book because you don't have a premium. I don't know why I went and turned green. I'm reaching out to somebody to see if they can help us figure out why I'm not turning green. Because we did everything you needed to. Okay. So when you scroll all the way down, okay, you click both of the boxes. The one that says I acknowledge above the statement where you read your name. When you first come on. So you have to make sure you have both boxes clicked. So it's the one that says I acknowledge that I have read the above information and fully understand. And then you scroll down and make sure you click the boxes. So it says I agree that my first and last name is agree as shown above and will be electric representation. No, that has nothing that has nothing to do with it. You have to make sure that everything that needs to be clicked is clicked. Right. When you first go on. Okay. But now you. Okay. Perfect. All right. Do you see a confirmation number? Okay. What is the confirmation number? Uh-huh. HPT104-3153. All right. Thank you so much. So I just want to let you know before we get off the phone. If you do need me in the future, you have my telephone number. 844-981-1407. Extension 1430. So if you have any questions and concerns, if you see any commercials and you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to me as I am your agent going forward. You also can reach out to member services. Their number is on your ID card 833-444-9088. And they're open seven days a week. I'm sorry, seven days a week. 8 AM to 8 PM. TTY user shout out 711. Monday through Friday from 8 AM to 8 PM. Before we continue, do you have any other questions for me? Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Correct. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. All right. So as you're welcome, as the final part of the enrollment process, I'm going to transfer you to the enrollment verification specials. They're just going to verify your enrollment status into the application. We just submit it. And then that'll be it. Two minutes. All right. All right. Ms. Flores, I have Ms. Jasmine here. She's going to go ahead and take the call over. You guys have a great day. Okay. Thank you. You're welcome. Hello, Flores. My name is Jasmine Hill. And I'm a part of the clear match customer care team. And this call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. And so today we are confirming your enrollment and to the well care get back HMO plan with an effective date of February 1st. Is that correct? All right. And did your advisor go over everything with you, including your doctors and prescriptions? Okay. And did she give you her phone number and extension in case any questions or concerns come up? Okay. Good. And lastly, we'd like to ensure we have your permission to call us. There's any needed follow-up by saying yes. You are confirming that you agree and consent or a company to contact you with phone calls. And we may use an auto dialer or pre-recorded message and you are not required to consent to make a purchase. And you are agreeing to receive communications at this number, even if the number is on a do not call this. All right. Why do you want to thank you for your time? And if any questions come up, don't hesitate to reach out. Hey, thank you. Bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Yes, Miss Hall. This is for I'll just call you back. Yes, I was like to know about the exercise program. I with this other program I had to hit the face. It's kind of sickness program. Do y'all have that on that one? Oh, great. Okay. I'm already signed up. Do I have to redo it? I'll be all over to get everything just roll over. Okay. How about in my pharmacy? Well, the medication that I already have that's being sent to me by me. Oh, they're going to be a roll over. You feel that being coming up. Okay. Okay, good. Okay. Okay. Four, 10, which 11th Avenue. I love Arkansas. Seven, one, six, zero, one. No, only thing. Okay. You are going to send me a card in the mail for my. Okay. Then they'll send me a catalog. If they were saying on my other words, that I could go to the stock ago to the store and buy it. If we had one in my neighborhood in my network, dude, I still have the order. Okay. If I have it available. I think Walgreens. I can't get it from Walgreens. And Walmart. They were sending it out from Walmart this last one or something Walmart. But I think they say they changed it or something. I'm not for sure. Okay. I'll just have the card and take the card with me and present them to them. They take it off to go. Okay. So what you're saying, I was getting $56 and I'm going to be getting $86 back on my car. Okay. Okay. Okay. Right. Are you ready for it? F-L-O-R-A. That's my name. Bateman B-A-T-E-M-O-E-N instead of A now, but the old. That's my email. At Yahoo.com. I don't know. You're going to say it and then I can. I'm not good at that. So you might have to do the old question. Okay. Yes, ma'am. Now I have to be my phone. Okay. I can try. I'm from the old school. I can do pretty good with the phone, but it's something I might it won't work. I can't get the thing to work it off lots of on me or something. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Are you sure it's going to suit you? Yeah. Right. You haven't seen it yet. Okay. Okay. I'm going to hurry up. So dead on me. My phone might be dead. I'm not a touch. I don't know. I don't got 13%. Okay. This is a membership offers. What you saying? Is that you? Hello? What does it? Is this a membership offer? It says, well, let me go and see if that's what it popped up. No, I guess that's not true. Okay. I don't see it yet. You haven't came in. I don't put that off. Okay. Okay. Okay. HPL one enrollment. Is that you? Okay. Okay. This is says, I am so glad we are. I'm Medicaid plan. Is that the one you want me to read? Yeah, I guess. I don't see no link. I'm over there. Yeah. And it's like this. This is an electronic role. Yes. That's me with a dear floor. Is that the one? What do I? And then I go. Enroll me. Okay. I got it. It's coming up. Okay. Now, I'm over there for the. I'll be premium. Okay. I'll see. Read all of it. Dr. Premium 50 zero. Most specialists. Whole famous. That $475 per day hospital and patient. That's for. Yes. Some may have been treated zero. Dr's coverage. Dr's coverage. It's nothing there. Just send Dr's coverage and. And drop of that. Just let me know that you went over that with me. That's the. That's the. And. Let me see. Make sure. Make. Okay. Next step. What I do next. I don't have it with me, so I. I don't. That's it. That's it. Yes. I'm trying to get you even. I don't see that we said, oh yeah, will you have for. You mean that. Take that. I have the. this one probably would be yes, right? No. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I've got two fine books. Okay. Okay. So everything is automatically from my supposed to be here to be in a bit. Okay. I'll have to check that just go to next step. Okay. I got it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. You said I would do what now. If I can, I said I agree with you of information. And I don't see no box. And just click the whole brain thing. Okay. Let me see what I said up here. Make a average organization with a Medicare contract. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So I'm nice. I got that. Okay. I did that. And now I just submit the call to submit my application. But ain't doing nothing. I must have missed something. Okay. You see anything I'm I don't know what's wrong, I don't know what's wrong, I don't know what's wrong, it's in my chemistry, my blood, my, I never can ever, you have put dawn up there to top in, maybe instead of push the, the middle patient, you have put dawn, I see dawn. Now it's all from now, when I push out, let me go back, think, I gotta go pick, I gotta go put this thing on charge because I don't want it to go dead on it. Okay, everything is there. Next step, that's that, I enrolled, I got that, they, they, they, are you already patient, are you already patient, I'll be, position you choose. I said, you want to put that, yes, me the next, yes, my current courage, once enrolled, you have all of medical. So, this is where you are, as far as the coverage as they, you have all the prescription girls covered, like, I said no, I don't know, I told them not to get a bit of views. Do I have to put that down, no, if you do, if you do not select the payment option below. Next step, now I did this time, I think, no, I didn't. Please check this box for a complete enrollment, okay, this one, okay, let me try. Check this box, it's a click, this block, it turned purple, I agree that my first and last name is backwards, as shown above, there'll be electricity represented. Okay, now I turn red, please, so it won't turn, the box won't turn green, okay, where is that is. Okay, click it again, okay, this box, okay, now, go right back to these boxes. You think it may be because my email is different from my, okay, my application, let's see. You have received the application below submitted, review your enrollment. Okay, when I click it, it turned purple, then go back, maybe I click it, maybe purple, I said, red. Now, it went through this time, instead of being red, red is supposed in purple. Congratulations, I'm here, it has been sent, congratulations, your application has been sent. Okay, that's it, yeah, HPT, 1, 0, 4, 3, 3, 1, 5, 3, okay. That would be, I'll give you a new card, wheelchair card, I get a mail, but I can, that's now, I can use my card, I have right now, right. Okay, February, the next month of the change. Okay, thank you, let me try it. Okay, okay, you do the same, right. Yes ma'am, yes ma'am, yes ma'am, yes she did it. Yes, I will, thank you so much.