Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hi, this is Jeffrey with low care and Medicare calling to follow up on a request for additional information. Was that for you? Okay. What type of information are you looking for? Okay. Sure. Okay. I can certainly help you with that. It is my job to assist you in finding a plan that meets your need and I may have additional coverages like enhanced into over the counter items and money back. Any of those be important to you? All right. Great. Great. Great. So, what we'll do here, we'll go through some things here and we'll see what we can find for you. Let's see. Can I please get your zip code in County? All right. How's the weather there today? Nice. I'm a nice day today. Nice. Nice. Nice. That's good to hear. Kind of had a nice day here, too. Still a little chilly, but it's a nice day. Yeah. Absolutely. And what's the good phone number for you? All right. And then let's get the spelling of your first and last name. Thank you for that. And then your day to birth. All right. And you do have Medicare part A and B. Good. Good. Good. All right. Now, as a look into the benefits we've discussed so far, can you think of anything else we should focus on? Absolutely. Absolutely. All right. Now, before we can review any additional benefits, Medicare does require that I play a recorded disclosure for you. While this recording is playing, I'm going to be looking up the information we've talked about so far. So hold on for me as I play the recording and then I'll come back on the phone with you. Friday, January 5, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 7-1-1 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by Autodilor or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare Supplements, Prescription Drug Plans, Dental, Vision, or any Ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. Thank you for your patience and do you understand and agree to the disclaimer I played about calls and texts to your number? Good, good, good, all right. Now Mr. Dorothy, is there anyone that assists you in making your health care decisions that should be on the phone with us? All right, now so we can check your eligibility, do I have your permission to look your information up in the Medicare database? All right, go ahead and grab your red, white, and blue Medicare cards so we can check your eligibility. All right, I'm going to read a brief statement, yarn to no obligation to enroll, but I will need your consent to the presentation before we proceed. It is important that the information you provide is correct to the best of your knowledge and an attempt to avoid delays of your Roman application being processed. We would like to verify your information with CMS prior to your enrollment submission. Do we have your consent to complete this verification? All right, please note that during this validation, CMS may provide additional details regarding your eligibility, which could assist your licensed agent in finding a plan that best fits your need. All right, give me one second here. All right, let's go ahead and get your Medicare number. Thank you so much. I'm just going to give you just a second here while I get that information back for us. Any plans for the weekend? No plans just taking it easy. Yeah, right, just coming out of the holidays. Yes, good. I understand that. Take it easy weekend. The first weekend of the year, right? Eight. Okay. Can you go ahead and verify your middle initial for me? All right. And then on the front of that card, you should see two effective dates. It's one for part A, one for part B. What are your effective dates there? Thank you so much. So I do have the information here, so we're good to go there. Just one moment here. I'm just looking over your current plan here. Just so I can have a look at what we've got going on here. So is it the doctor or the medication? Looks like it's a PPO plan with well care, I only have HMO plans. Let me see here. Just looking through the plans here just to make sure insulin, how insulin is covered. Yeah. All right, so for the plan I have here, I have the well care, no premium HMO. This plan here, there's a $35 copay per month for your insulin. All right. And also with this plan here, let's see, it has a $0 monthly premium. So you pay $0 a month, that has a maximum out of pocket of $2,900 annually. For your hospital stay, for each admission, you'll pay $125 copay for days 1 through 7, and then days 8 through 90, you'll pay $0 copay, outpatient hospital coverage, $0 copay for diagnostics and colonoscopies, $100 copay for all other outpatient services. For your doctor's visit, you'll have a $0 copay, ambulatory surgical center, $50 copay there, specialty doctor, $15 copay, preventive care, $135 copay, emergency care, $135 copay there. Let's see here, diagnostic services, labs and images, $0 copays. Let's see, any questions so far? All right. Very good. Now, are you taking any other kind of medications? Okay. Okay. Now, for your drugs, if you were to, whatever drugs you would be taking, for your tier one drugs, you'll have a $0 copay, tier two drugs, a $0 copay, a tier three, $42 copay, tiers four, 42% co-insurance, tier five, 33% co-insurance and then tier six, $0 copay there. Let's look, who is your primary care physician? Are they on East Halifax Crossing Boulevard? Let's just make sure they're accepting the plan. That looks like they are accepting that plan, so we're good there. Did you have any medications you wanted to go over any other medications? Okay. Do you, what pharmacy do you use? CVS, they're preferred. Just another second here. All right. Now, does this sound like something we want to go ahead and get started? We can get it started as early as the first of February. Okay, absolutely. We'll go ahead and move you to this one second here. I'm just going to get some more information here. Make sure there's nothing else that I have here for you. Any other questions for me? It's an HMO plan. Right. Yes, ma'am. If you do, what you would do if you needed to see another doctor, you can just have your doctor do your referral and then you'll be good there. Okay, just give me another second here. I'm just getting some more information to make sure everything is good. Now, do you receive any Medicaid or anything? Okay. Oh, I'll ask you a few other questions here in just a moment. Another second here. I do. Thank you for your patience. You you you One more second here. I'd do again. Thank you for your patience. Oh, yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. I'm glad that I'm able to help you with making sure that medication is covered. That's very important. Yeah. That's very, very important. All right. All right, so just a few more questions here. Let's see. Well, let's do I have here. I'm going to make my screen a little bigger. I think my eyes are getting bad. There we go. And we said no Medicaid. So we're good there. All right. Now again, please note that our call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. We again, we do not offer every plan available in your area. Currently, we represent a level organizations with 11 with the 77 products available in your area. Please contact medicare.gov, 1-800-Medicare, or your local state health insurance company. Again, information on all of your options. Okay. And for one more time for me, go ahead and verify your first and last name and date of birth. Thank you so much. Now for the application, we will ask you a few other questions to process your application. I will cover all the requirement, disclosures, review any pre-enrollment checklist and summary of benefits and answer any questions you may have. Our pre-enrollment checklist can also be found on our web site. A thank you from the current coverage. Your current health coverage will end once your new Medicare coverage starts. For example, if you have tri-care or Medicare plans, you will no longer receive those benefits from that plan once your new coverage starts. At the end of the application, I will ask you to confirm the accuracy of your answers, which will be recorded. Please confirm that you consent by saying yes. Your response for this form is voluntarily. However, failure to respond may affect your enrollment in the plan. We have a free interpreter service to answer any questions you may have about the health plan, about the health drug plan, to get an interpreter. Just call us at 1-800-633-4227-TTY-711. This is a free service. And the following languages are included Spanish, Chinese, French, Vietnamese, Korean, Russian, Arabic, Italian, Hindu, Thai, and Japanese. Someone who speaks these languages can help you. Again, you're not required to provide any health-related information unless that information is needed to determine your eligibility in the plan. If you choose not to provide the requested information, you may not be enrolled in the plan. We comply with all federal civil rights laws and do not discriminate on a basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. Before making an enrollment decision, it is important that you fully understand the plan's benefits and rules based on what we have discussed. Please confirm that you would like to enroll in the well-care, no-premium, H-0-H-1032-193HMO. With an effective date of February 1, 2024, and a plan premium of $0.00 and 0.00 since, is that correct? Thank you. All right, I'm confirming that you are an existing plan and you want to switch from your current plan into this plan, is that correct? All right, if you're ready to enroll, we would then fill out the application and process your signature. Once we complete the signature, I will give you the application reference number to tell you when to expect materials in the mail and provide you with a customer service number for your reference. Are you ready to enroll? All right, now we will proceed with the completing of the application. Would you please provide the following, your middle initial? All right, and I've already had you verify your Medicare of Beneficiary number, so we have that as well as the effective date. Can you verify your sex, please? Thank you. And then your telephone number. All right, and is that a mobile number? Thank you so much. Please confirm your county of residents and then your permanent resident street address. Thank you. All right. And are you Hispanic, Latino or Spanish origin? Okay. And what's your race? Okay. And would you like to receive your plan, information and a different language or format? All right. If an accessible format is needed, please let me know which format you would like. We have audio, oral over the phone, large print, Braille, accessible screen reader PDF. Please contact Wilcare at 1-866-579-8006. If you need any information and an accessible format other than what's listed above, the plan office hours are seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. TTYU just can call 7-1-1. And let's see here. Let me one second here. I need to put one other piece of information here. And then we also confirmed your doctor. So we have their information one second. I'm just having to look up a piece of information about the doctor so bear with me. All right. Now, will you have other prescription drug coverage in addition to this one? Okay. And are you a residence of a long-term healthcare facility such as a nursing home? All right. And are you enrolled in the state Medicaid program? Okay. And will you or your spouse being employed once you have enrolled in the plan? All right. All right. Once you once enrolled, will you have other medical health coverage where you are the subscriber or covered as a spouse are dependent? Okay. All right. Again, your plan premium amount is $0.00 since if you must pay part D income-related monthly adjustment amount, part D-armum, you will be required to pay this extra amount in addition to your plan premium. The amount is usually taken out of your social security benefit or you may get a direct bill from Medicare or the RRB. Don't pay the $0.00 since the part D-armum, you must continue to pay your part A, if apatical, and part B premium. We will not collect any premium at this time, but we do need to know how you would like to make any future payments. You may pay your monthly premium, zero-dose zero-sense, including any late enrollment penalties you may currently have or may owe by mail each month. You can also choose to pay your premium by having it automatically taken out of your social security or railroad retirement, RRB benefits each month. We'll go ahead and just set that up for a direct bill. Let's see here. Please note that if you have extra help, our and our enrolling in a plan with drug coverage, you may experience a change in premium or co-pay if your extra help levels change. Now to finish your application, we will go through some important legal information. I will play ACMS, require a disclaimer. Please stay on the phone for this recording disclaimer. If you have any questions doing the recording, ask me to stop the recording. Please do not hang up otherwise your enrollment will not be completed. You know what? Give me one second. I do have one issue here. So I get, I call you, right? Okay, so in order to complete this, I do have to do it on an end-bound call. So I'm going to have to have you give me a call right back and then I can finish it up, okay? Okay, and you have my number right? Yes, and then it's going to ask you for an extension, dial 3736. All right, I'll be waiting here for you. Okay, thanks.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Yes, I'm trying to find a Medicare Advantage plan that will cover my insulin So far two of them will not cover the insulin that I take. Sure, it's three, two, seven, two, four. Voluzia County. Beautiful. It's like 75 and sunny. Oh, it's gorgeous. Yeah. Well, this is surely for them down here, but that's okay for me. It is 631-245-0523. First name is Dorothy, D-O-R-O-P-H-Y. Last name is Shulman S-C-H-U-L-M-A-N. 11 for 1958. Yes. Not really. This is kind of the primary thing I've spoken to a couple at least. Insurance providers. And we go through this whole big thing of your doctor, your prescriptions, blah, blah, blah, blah. And we get down to it and they go, oh, well, they don't cover the leather mirror flex pen. They want you to take some keeper or whatever. And I'm like, this is my insulin. I've been on this for 20 years. You know, I don't really want to take a chance with that medication. You know, you can change a couple of the other ones I don't really care. But I'm really pretty like specific about something I need to live on, you know. Mm-hmm. Okay, sure. Yes. No, it's just me, just myself. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Okay. It's four. J is in John. V is in Victor. Two. F is in Frank. 17. D is in dog. P is in Paul. 06. You do? Oh, no, I'm done with the plan. Done with visiting. Yeah. Yep. That's it. No more. I'm done. A. 11. 123. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I took this plan the other day, whatever I spoke to, and she had said to me the only plan that I see is this plan that will cover your insulin. And I was like, oh, my god, I can't believe it. So I said, I guess I better take that plan. So I just like, you know, took that real quick. And then I called two of my doctors and they said, I've never heard of that plan. And I don't think we take it. So I was kind of like, oh, I better find something else than I don't, you know, I don't know. It's the medication. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I just, you know, I kind of figured there's so many people dependent on it that I can't understand why they're so restricted. Yeah, I don't know. Okay. Right. That's what I pay now with regular insurance, which is fine. Right. Okay. Okay. No. No. Okay. I do take a couple, but they're not life long. Well, there is. That's the life long. But it's a. It's a. It's Dr. Nally N-A-L-L-Y-C-A-L-Z as in zebra ADO. Cool. Um, no, like I said, the only other ones that I have to worry about is my leviceiroxin. And that's already like the generic of chinsroid. And as far as I know, kind of everybody covers that. That's just another like life long drug that I would have to be on, but everything else is pretty much, you know, till I get past. This stage, then they'll take me off that. And, you know, better I get the list medication. I have to take a CVS. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh, yeah, that would be, it turns pretty good. I don't think so. I'm not this is this plan is HMO or PPO. I'm trying to, I'm trying to understand all these things. I'm not getting it all the time. HMO. Now, that's the one that you must go to all the doctors in the plan. Okay. Now, I don't mind, you know, doing that. Just sometimes I have to travel kind of far to do that. But that's okay, but that's fine. Right. Oh, all right. Yeah, that's what I do now. Okay. I have to go ahead and give the outlet again. I have to go ahead and give the outlet. That's okay. Okay. Are you? No. Yeah. No. No. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah.Great. No. Please. and we have to take a look at it from the bottom here, the small and tail. We get a battle of the music in the kids and then we'll go in to my home. I think that's one area of the world of fun. The next piece of the song. Because I think what I want to get some of the stuff is how we actually get so back to the old. You know, we're getting ready for the next song. And you get home, it's a little in the form. And then back home, we're in the next song. Yes. So we're at, we're at, we're at, that's one of them. No, it doesn't matter. It's like I said, for me, it's no rush. I'm worried about, well, it's a rush now. It's been so long. But when it's very late, you know, I don't, I don't have to every day till it takes time. I know. I don't know. I know. Well, good time. The problem is we're in the next song, the last piece of the song. So I think it's a lot of fun. It's two hours at a time. You know? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I like it. You will. Keep. No problem. I get what I need out of this. It's worth waiting. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, that's a big, yeah, you're super, and you're self-making care. See what they say about the back, I don't know what it is. Yeah, I know, that's my way to do that, there's six, seven weeks before you get another one. Okay, first name is Dorothy, last name is Shulman, and it's 11 for 1958. Right, yes. Okay, okay. Middle initial is A, female, six, three, one, two, four, five, zero, five, two, three. Beluja County, okay, 2477, Dartmouth, D-A-R-T-M-O-U-T-H, road in the land, Florida, three, two, seven, two, four, no, white, no, okay. You have a, you have a, you have a, you have a, you have a, you have a, yeah, with other But we're in a whole service place and we need to do this today, without there's no packing of up. I've been able to buy an engine to sell, to sell, and more of an engine, so if there's ever a case you can take full responsibility for it. Why don't you sell by the way? It doesn't matter if it's $200 or $1200 or $1200, I want to buy one, but it's not planned. We're going to need to do this. Uh, no, not that I know of, no, Medicaid, no, no, once I'm enrolled, no, okay, yeah, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Okay, let me just say, eight, four, four, nine, eight, one, four, nine, eight, one, four, okay, so I mess up on this phone and don't, but right. Okay, so hang up and then call you right back, eight, four, four, nine, eight, one, one, four, zero, seven, okay, three, seven, three, six, okay, okay, you got it.