Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling Clear Match Medicare. This calls recorded for quality and training purposes. My name is Kizia. I'm a licensed insurance agent. I may help you today. What was your question again? You said it covered what on vision? That's just the limit in that particular plan that you have. I mean, it's not going to tell me why it changed. It's just Medicare makes changes from year to year. Some of the benefits go up and some of them go down. I can definitely take a look and see, you know, there's a plan in your area that may have more vision. Yeah, we could take a look and see. All right. I just have to read a few disclaimer. See you just please note that we do not offer ever plan available in your area. Currently represent 27 organization, which offers 128,000 and 150 products in your area. Please come to Medicare.gov, 1800 Medicare, your local state health insurance program to get information on all of your options. And what's your zip code? What's your... We don't just service Humana. We have service all the carriers. We're brokers. So we have all the carriers. Not just Humana. So no, this is not directly Humana. Is that who you were trying to reach? We have all of them. Well care, Humana, just whatever's available in your area, we could see and see all the plans in your area. What was your zip code? What county are you in? And you're first and I think. And what's your data part? 19, 19, 75, 19. I've heard these two days after mine. Mine is seven. All right. And this is a good phone number. Reach out if we get disconnected. Is there any other number you would like me to list? All right. All right. Before I can go over the plans, you know, this in your area and see who's had the most vision. The centers are Medicare required that I play this 90-second recording. So let me get that out of the way. And then I could see what will care and all the risk of carriers have. Okay. All right. Hold on a moment. Friday, January 5th, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO and PFFS organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident and hospital coverage. All right, thank you for your patience. Do you understand and agree to the disclaimer I've played about receiving calls and texts to this number if we get disconnected? All right, let's try to see what HMOA plan are you currently in right now or do you have your Medicare card? Okay, what HMOA do you say you have HMOA? Do you have Medicaid as well? You just got Medicare. You do have Medicaid. So are you on a dual plan with HMOA? But you said you have Medicaid. Okay, let me see what you have. Hold on, I'll pull up my other system. Let me get your Medicare number person. Let me get your number check your eligibility and see if you have full Medicaid because it will determine on what you plan you can get. Okay, yeah, hold on, let me pull up the other system real quick. And I'll see what you got first. Let me pull it out real quick. Let me get your number. Oh, goodness, hold on a second. So you only have $200 you said right now in vision. Okay, let me get your Medicare number first and then I can pull it out and tell me what plan you're what you currently have at the moment. Okay, I'm going to get what you use TRACY or IE. Okay. All right, let's share social. You have a PPO plan. So you have LIS. Okay, let me check your level of Medicaid. Oh, I already had your Medicare number here. Okay, so you're on a, it shows that you have Medicaid anymore. Let's see, 5216, that's 80. You said what now? You do? Okay, let's check then. Do you know when it started? Okay, let me check and see what it pulled up. You're in what state you're in Alabama. Georgia? Okay, let's see what it says about your Medicaid. Oh, the system is just taking this the whole time. I'm waiting for it to pull up. Show me your Medicaid level. Okay, there you go. All right, so you have Q and B. No, I'm going to get your Medicaid number. Okay, so you have Q and B. All right, so now let me see what you currently have at the moment. So you said the plan that you're on now doesn't have very much dental. All right, so we have Q and B Medicaid. Very good. We'll plan your on now. A, 2, 0, 0. And what did you have before this humana plan to a zero? Okay. Oh, okay. So you're on Humana Choice PPO. So you're just on a regular just a Medicare plan. So you're not on a dual complete plan. So let's find you a dual complete plan that it gives you more benefits. All right. Remove this. Yep. And see you're on a plan. Just a regular PPO just Medicare only plan. That's why you don't have that much hot snow. Yeah, I mean, cause whoever got you in this plan just got you in a regular Medicare plan. Instead of a dual plan, and you can get a dual plan because it's in your area and you have Medicaid. So they should have a dual plan. It was starting next month. You didn't do a plan check last year or let an agent know that. Yeah. They got a humana plan. Humana has a dual plan. Let's see. Is Allison key your doctor? No, this ain't true. I don't know who this Allison key is. Is this a doctor you had before? Never heard of it. I don't know where that name come from. It was just that strange. And what county are you in? Okay. What is your primary care doctor's name? We're going to find your doctor. Okay. Do you see any specialists for anything? Okay. Okay. These new plans lead to complete plans. Let's see what these plans have. All right. So we got. So this plan only has $350 in vision. This humana plan has 350. So let's just see which one has the most vision. Let's look at the wheelchair. Oh, okay. It has up to $600 in vision. All else has dental coverage. Doesn't say how much you'll get a year in dental. So I'll just tell you what it covers. I don't see the allows. Okay. Vision of $0 for routine eye exam. And up to $600 in eye wear. Contacts for glasses. Yeah. So you have up to $600 in that. Let's see. Okay. And what else is what concerns yours? They have this one now. Okay. I see what it has. Based on what's offering your area and the level of Medicaid you have. It just depends. Level Medicaid unless offered to you. And everybody Medicaid level is different. And you need transportation. Let me see how much this has in benefit court. All right. So. This will care plan has a $140 monthly allowance, which is $1,680 a year. Reload it on your wheelchair spendable card. Your month allowance rolls over to the next month if unused. It expires at the unit of the plan year. This car allowance. 140. And this car allowance can be used on over the counter items. Your car can be used at participating retail locations. The mobile app or log in your members portal to place an order from home. Like generic medicines or over the counter medicine vitamins, pain relievers, cold averaging. Items, energy items and diabetic dental vision in hearing. You may use the car to help reduce your out of pocket expenses or for any dental vision or in hearing services. This car may be used to pay your dental vision or hearing provider directly. This is healthy food. You can use your car to pay for healthy foods and produce and participate in retailers. Prepare, prepare meals are available for order via online portal. You can pay says gas at the pump. You can use your car to pay. Pay for gas directly at your pump. The car cannot be used to pay in person at the cash register. Your car can only be used up at the can only be used up to the available allowance amount. You can use it for utility assistance. Like natural gas electricity trash cable TV services. Heated on cable TV stream things like that. Landline or mobile phone or you can use it on rent assistance. For more information, limitations and exclusions please see your evidence. Okay, so that has $140 monthly allowance on their card in this healthcare plan. You don't get this card on your mana. You're just in a Medicare plan. You're not in a dual plan. So you only just get a over-the-counter card. You don't get one of these cards in a Medicare-only plan. That's just for over-the-counter. That's not a like a flash card. Okay. Well, you said $50 a month. This is $140 a month. Next month. That's almost going to be the following month. You would ask this plan has. All right. Right. All right. We have dental. We have a maximum of three visits a year. Vision, zero-dollar co-payment and net worth. We are up to $600 a year. Hearing, zero-dollar co-payment for your hearing visit. Maximum one visit a year. You get hearing aids up to maximum plan benefit. $200 to $500 every year per year for your hearing aid. Transportation. The only way to seek ground transportation plan covers up to $0.05. Well, not to exceed $0.05 a month. And trips are limited up to four one-way trips per day. And limited to plan approval location. You have unlimited amount of transportation that you can use to inform like your doctor is in the pharmacy to be my pet. So you have transportation in your plan. Over-the-counter benefit we just discussed that of $140 a month. Prior practice services. 12 routine visit a year. And zero-dollar co-payment. You have acupuncture. Maximum of 12 visit a year. Priorization was required. And it's zero-dollar co-payment. Then you have preventive care which is your wellness visit. Your wellness should cut your wellness visit. Zero-dollar co-payment. Emergency room. Emergency care. Zero-dollar co-payment. Inpatient stay per day is a zero-dollar co-payment. Prior authorization is required for acute hospital services. Dinosytis x-rays and labs. Zero-dollar co-payment for lab services. Dinosyt procedures and tests. Let's see here. Ambulance zero-dollar co-payment for ground ambulance. And by air zero-dollar co-payment. Urgent care is zero-dollar co-payment for urgent care. Outpatient hospital. Ambulatory surgical center. Mammograms. Zero-dollar co-payment. Co-payment for Medicare cover. Outpatient hospital services. Zero-dollar co-payment. Outpatient observation service. Zero-dollar co-payment. And ambulatory surgical center. Zero-dollar co-payment. Prior authorization is required for those services. Skeeled nursing facility services. Zero-dollar per day for days one through 20. Zero-dollar per day is 21 through 100. Prior authorization is required. Home health care services. Zero-dollar co-payment. Prior authorization is required. Psychiatric hospital services. Zero-dollar per day is one through 20. Zero-dollar per day is three through 90s. Prior authorization is required. Outpatient mental health care for group and individual section. Cession is zero-dollar co-payment. Then you have podiatry services. This is zero-dollar co-payment for podiatry services. Zero-dollar co-payment for podiatry services. This year. Proceded devices and medical supplies. Zero-dollar co-payment. You also have renal dialysis. Is zero-dollar co-payment. then you have your prescription drug coverage, outpatient rehabilitation, $0.00 co-payment for pulmonary rehabilitation, intensive care, and cardiac rehabilitation services. Physical therapy, speech-named pathology, occupational therapy rehabilitation services, are all $0.00 co-payment and prior authorization is required. Durable medical equipment and $0.00 co-payment, prior authorization is required. Diabetes supplies and services, $0.00 co-payment for diabetes supplies and services, $0.00 co-payment, and then you have additional services like gym membership, to any service, nico-participate, location F free, you know, you've got free gym membership. See, do you take, do you want to give me your medications? Okay, hold on. Let me go back to... Okay, you see, oxy, oxycutum, and wester dosage. Okay, what other medication do you take? All right, wester dosage. Okay, what wester dosage do you have for the, listen to a prayer? All right, okay. And what pharmacy do you use? What's the name of it? You said Garrett, what's the name of it? T-A-L-L-L-A-P-O-S-A. Is that what you said?

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Yes, my mistracing brown and I have Medicare already. I mean, I have a few men already. Um, last year they covered more on my vision. And this year I called to get my contacts and they're only paying like $200. And I need to find out why. I want to. I only 200. My contacts is like 500 books. Okay. Well, can we look and see why it changed from last year to this year? Okay. So there's no way to look and see if I'm eligible for something else. Or should I just call well here? Yeah, let's do that because it's not. I just call well here and switch them because I know they have 500 on my vision. 30182. Am I talking to is this humanity or no? Right. Then I probably. Yeah. Yeah, I'm trying to rate you man. So just let me try to call them because I didn't get in the bottom of the damn view. Or do you do well here as well? Okay. Can you tell me what? Okay. Okay. Well, yeah. You don't mind. Check it and see which one we're getting better. 30182. Harrelson. Tracy Brown. One nine. Not anything. Five. Yes, ma'am. Hmm. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. I'm not answering. I don't have it with me now. Yes. No, I have my settings. Yes. I guess. I have dental vision. No. That's fair. Yeah. I was told I need to get Medicaid because it would get me more on my edge. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, I have Jean Εdrophase. I have Jean Εdaphase. Do you hear? I have Jean alles Verte. Jean Voll collapsed. I know Georgia. I have Alabama. It's my mailing address. I have my mail mail with my signs, but I'll leave it for purple or old, but there's no road like Georgia. I had well care, well care. The dual complete plan is where we have Medicaid, correct? Okay, you know, see, I'll let them know. I had let them know last year that I was on that I had, because they could tell me to get a purchase get on Medicaid and my, you know, all my stuff would go up, but I did and that's the never went up. And I tried to kill them. And, you know, I guess it's just whoever you talk to, it really is going to push me off. Wait, wait, wait, wait, I have a change. Now, how long is it going to take that to get into a fake there? So, next month, hmm, I'm so unburied of me, because I'm going to Medicaid in June last year. I called, I called Medicaid, I called, you man and tell them that I had got approved for Medicaid. You know, I don't know how I've got to find out about my issue. I don't really get paid. What was my doctor? Never heard of an elephant cute. And unless it's a clinic, unless it's a clinic, and I do have a doctor's for me coming out with somebody without a doctor, but I can't remember the name. Here, I'll see. It used to be about the real pain, but I've got to go, I've gotten to find another one. I went to jail for something I didn't do, and he dismissed me as patients. And I get a pain clinic, and I get a stomach fine, stomach fine, and care for my life. And that could be the, you know, adult relief name. That's not a little graphene, you know what I mean? I have dentures, you know what I'm saying? Does it cover contacts, though? I wear contacts. Well, the extra care helped me to say, give that, you know, I don't, I'm going to get $2,000 a month. All right, George, he helped me benefit. It's like groceries or whatever, you know, you know, I was told, and then I got Medicaid, that would go up to you. What is that based on? Because my friend, he gets like a hundred and fifty a month. Well, mommy, we live in the same county. Yes. And how much is it a month? Mm-hmm. How much does he manage? I get $50. I'm fine, so it's for, no, it's for, no, it's for like, I can use it for my phone bill or stuff like that. Okay. Women that go in a painting if I swap their welfare. So I would have $100,000 a month, but that would be my over-the-counter medicine and my other stuff too, right? I'll be combined, it would be separate. I'm going to take, I actually count down 15 milligrams. 15 milligrams, three times a day, it turned 20 a month. Let's get up real. I'm pretty sure, I'm pretty sure, T-A-L-A-P-L-O-F-T.