Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  All righty good morning my name is crystal champion calling from well care Medicare with this be mr. Roof is white How are you doing today mr. White? What's that oh beautiful no, what do you say that mm-hmm. Oh, okay All righty, so let's go ahead and make sure that we get all the information Awesome Okay, understood that is beautiful Well, let's go ahead and get you ready now this call will be recorded for quality and training purposes Now I do remember um yesterday as well as our conversation previous that you do not take any medications Okay I do want to review your doctors. I still have a list of those um And go over the assets Okay for doctor holster And mr. Williams 53 Beautiful Okay, so I am going to double check on these two doctors while I do that the center of Medicare requires that I play a recorded Disclaimer on every call it takes just Okay, I'm gonna start that for you now Wednesday, January, 10 24 this call will be recorded for quality and training purposes You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program If you choose not to provide the requested health information you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race color National origin age disability or sex If you speak a language other than English language assistance services free of charge are available to you TTY users may dial 711 for assistance Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage HMO PPO and PFFS organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason We will need to reach you at this number even if it is on the do not call list Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls Text at this number including by auto-dialer or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the do not call list This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844 978 0969 or emailing us a privacy at hpone.com Before we get started today We will discuss Medicare Advantage plans Medicare supplements prescription drug plans dental vision or any ancillary plans such as cancer Heart attack stroke accident and hospital coverage Ready sir. Thank you so much for your patience during that disclaimer. Do we also have your Agreeance including receiving calls and texts to your number Sir, do we also have your agreeance to that disclaimer including receiving calls and texts to your number? Okay, beautiful And for doctor Williams you did say that was on web Smith drive correct Okay Here she is Oh, okay, and I know that you do not take medications, but I do have a pharmacy listed for you just in case as Dixie is that okay? Okay And in the case and call facts. Yep, that's the one I have Now in the case that you become ill is there a hospital in your area that you prefer to go to There we go. I do show Christus St. Francis Cabrini Hospital Now, sir, would you happen to have your Medicare member number available today? It should be on the front of your red white and blue card Okay, if you could read that number allow to me Okay, take your time. Oh, yes, take your time, Mr. White. Oh, it's because I had Had somebody else give me a call and it went it went over a long time longer than I thought it would And it's not cooperate is it? You okay Yeah, all right with me sir That is quite all right sir take your time Uh, either your Medicare or Medicaid Hopefully Medicare and I could pull up your Medicaid Yes, sir Beautiful. Okay Well, that's that's the phone number, but not your actual Medicare number now. I do still have it on file from the last time I process an application for you. Do I have your permission to use it? Okay Now even though we've gone through this before I am obligated to go over The benefits offer to you under this plan before we process an application. Okay Okay, so you are dual eligible Mr. White as you know so that This plan will be at a zero dollar monthly premium That there is no prescription deductible if you ever decide to take any and no annual medical deductible okay now All of your coverage services will always be at a zero dollar copay I'm going to go down the line and list your coverage services. Okay Plus that Mr. White. Oh, I don't blame you. I think I sit down maybe every two to three months and clean out my pocket book Oh Okay, well, let's go on down the list now if you need to go to your primary care physician or any specialist Of course that is covered zero dollar copay If you are admitted into the hospital zero dollar copay up to 90 days per admission And that's it And let them run with that now for your outpatient services if you choose to use them there also offered whether surgical or Non-surgical of course that zero dollar copay Preventive care that includes your annual physical a Annual colonoscopy a long list of cancer screenings and a long list of vaccinations for you each year Okay, you're also going to have access to emergency care. That's the ER and urgent care services if you prefer that Um Diagnostic services that includes blood work labs imaging x-rays EKGs MRIs and cat scans all covered as long as you go to a facility in network at a zero dollar copay for you You will be offered a hearing benefit now. This includes a hearing exam hearing aid fitting and evaluation And let's see the plan will also offer you $1,000 per ear towards hearing aids for you each benefit ear Oh Oh, no, I don't blame you if if your health is up to parm you don't have to use it No, I I don't blame me if it's up to parm you don't have to use it But at least you know it's there You're also going to have dental coverage that includes preventative and comprehensive They'll services in Was that oh Okay, I wouldn't have known I really wouldn't have known Well, if you want to get fitted for any new dentures that is an option for you under this plan. Okay Of course Now we can see The implants No, I do I understand now implants are hard to come by but they are not offered under these options for you Okay Now let's see you're also going to okay Your vision benefit includes a annual exam diabetic retinopathy and glaucoma screening You'll also be offered four hundred dollars each year towards any corrective devices for you contacts glasses frames Okay, and mental health services the same as inpatient that zero dollars up to 90 days Individual and group therapy is offered zero dollar copane A skilled nursing facility if you need that service it is offered That is a zero dollar copay up to 100 days per admission if you need that Therapy and rehabilitation includes physical speech cardiac occupational therapy pulmonary therapy a very long list zero dollars as well and your ground and air ambulance rides We also offer transportation. I know you have that truck and the card will help you Gas into that truck, but if you If you are in the need of any additional rides we use the company lift for that service That's going to be unlimited rides for you each year to any Doctors office health related location Okay, it should they have the name Well, I know where it's at, but if you have the actual name of the facility or if you could think of it later Just give me a call back in and I'll check for you. Let's see. You're also going to be offered a Medicare part B Medications chemo therapy and things of that nature fall under this category Insulin any allergy antigens we offer chiropractic services um pain management acupuncture Okay virtual health visits We even offer home health care agency you would have to choose an agency within network You could be approved for three days a week four days a week to send someone out to the home to help assist if you want Yes, sir Yeah, so she can't eat anything but fish Oh Yeah, I tell her it's it's never good to assume always give us a call in you'll be surprised It'd be very very surprised on what isn't it's not accepted So it's always worth the call if if human if that company is not doing them right What's that now I could give you my phone number. She would have to call in we need permission we need um We need permission to give her a call that recording I played for you at the beginning of the call um that's our way of gaining permission to call back and We would need that before I could call her Now you could always give her my number and she could give me a call in No, okay, that's eight four four nine eight one one four zero seven Yes, sir that's um with well care and if she wants to reach my desk my extension is four three six six four three six Beauty that that sounds like a plan. I'll go ahead and I'll be here until later on tonight I'll be happy to answer any questions she has or get her enrolled if that's the better option for her Okay Let's see you're also going to be offered post-acute meals durable medical equipment Will tears oxygen oxygen machines things of that nature Fitness we use silver sneakers for our fitness plan which is accepted at a lot of local gyms Okay, uh, then we also last but not least it looks like we're coming to an end here Yes, it's going to be that over-the-counter benefit the well-care spendables card will provide you an additional $2,400 each year Equalling out to $200 each month that you could use for its Food rental utilities over-the-counter items as well as gas okay All righty, so that is the outline of the well-care dual-freedom access this plan once we process the application We'll go into effect for you February 1st, 2024, okay Okay, so you're going to continue to use your I think you said was that united Okay, you're going to continue to use your united plan for the rest of the month and then start using well care again a February first Okay, beautiful. So um, I just need to place you on a brief hold I need to ask my supervisor for permission before processing this application then we could get you back to your day, okay All righty, give me one moment. I'll be right back Yes, the first of February, okay, don't hang up. I'll be right back All righty, Mr. White Okay Uh, now are you using a mobile phone? Now I I could send you a link via text message to your mobile phone um A link for your application you could review the information we've gone over here today and submit that link back to me all while we're on the phone together Would you like to do that? Oh Okay, that's quite all right now. You did write down my call my call back number Can you read that back to me? Okay, and my extension that's 4366 No, no one just 4366 Okay, so I had to call you today. I actually cannot complete an application on an outbound call What I would like to do is hang up with you and you give me a call back in right now Right now so that we can finish your application No one just 844 All righty. I'm gonna wait for your call if you're gonna call back in right now Beautiful. Okay

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  I think everything is on the a. O. K. Go list with you. Cause I say it's on with you call. I go call back. You're not in hell care. Oh look, look at that. My my my look at that. And tell them I'm done, I'm do. I got that, I got that like bill yesterday. And pay it. But I got that I got them on the out of page prince business. I'm done with them. I want to be with you. Oh no. I'll write. the first one is the first one is Joshua Pete. Hold still. He's down there. It all. Peter went drive. Oh no. It could bring the hospital and got Christine Williams. I think that's a name. Christine Williams up there. Grant helped clinic and call back on well street drive. Them the only two. And if you need that health clinic and call back phone number. Here's three one eight six two seven. Fifty three twins. Fifty three teens. No problem. Yes. Yes. Right. It's here. You see don't see me that regular because I don't come up there. That's not neat here. I'm not a food. I'm not a frequent traveler to the doctor. Oh. Yes. Don't don't feel the on the. Look is I've been using this. Dixie pharmacy in call back. That don't why you. This could bring the hospital. On well street drive and there is an. That don't want to want to go to. That's it. This is in my wallet. I got the first one. It's in here. I think it's in here with my driver's license. Hold on. I'll find it. I'm too glad I got you on the phone. I say she dragging a beat on cover. No. And no problem. I got this new wallet and. It ain't new but here. I ain't used it in here. Yes. Get a cooperating with a. Oh shit. Excuse my. I got. Oh kind of crazy people be. Calling me up. Asking me a whole bunch of who shot down clapping. Oh here. Where's this goddamn car? Yeah. Just give me a little time. Maybe I got the wrong guy day. I think this. Oh my head. Of course crap out my wallet. Just to find what the flip I'm looking for. I hope it ain't. I ain't left it in one number. I got two. Oh. I looked up. What number you want? The clean. The car. Oh. Some kind of do a claim number. It's four three three eight zero four zero six two dash eight. Oh wait a minute. I got one up at the top of Medicare. You won't get one. One eight hundred. Six three three. Both two two seven one. Is that it? We'll just go run with it. Run with it. If you got it on fire, you got to write number. Cause ain't nothing changed in my book. Hey guess what? I don't change numbers like talking about it. I can't deal with it. Okay. Right. Right. Oh. No problem. Guess what? Guess what I'm doing. I'm trying to get a whole lot of serious stuff back in line. So when I put it in my wallet, I'm going to be left in the rain. Would you believe? Would you believe? I ain't trying to be ugly. I ain't got so much of crap. I'm dealing with it. It would make you seriously, seriously sick. Later I got so much of joking in my wallet. It would make you throw up. And guess what? I got this. This year. You brought your clinic. Dr. Joshua P. Host. MD. He the only one I see. And he'll tell you. His wants ever blue moon. He sees me. And guess what? He'll tell you that ain't that. That blame regular. You tell you right. Quick. Uh-uh. Mr. White. Yeah. Yeah. He I'm running to the hospital. Ain't happening. He don't. He don't run that road. Uh-huh. Okay. That sound good. But guess what? I don't. I don't let nobody food my ears. Because I can hear bear away. I don't. I don't know. Uh-huh. I don't mean a huh. I don't. I don't. Hey. I don't miss a rare. Uh-huh. I tell him right. Quick. Everything is bad. And I ain't messing with. Next. Yeah. Guess what? Guess what? I'm talking to you and you won't believe it. Ain't got. Ain't got a tooth in my head. I, I got dentures in hell. They don't act right now. Don't wear them. Huh? Oh, food. Uh, you won't believe it. I have both and both. Even at my, guess what? Good poor I could take a toothbrush and toothpaste and brush my teeth. When they, when they put them in, they stay in. I didn't want no dentures that you take out. No problem. So we, we, we ain't always wet behind that. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Good. I got this little one to be friend that I, cheers to care about. But I know my car top would murk down there if I went down there. I used to go down there a whole lot a good while back about seven, eight years ago. But I'd be studying trying to go down there. It's all because I can't why I'd be feeling good. Would my way of care car work down there? That's it. I got a little friend, a little friend I was sitting by down there. I got a little friend. I was sitting by down the five years ago. And she got this worthless tear of people that she used as a, as an engine. I said, go to the hospital because she's a soul sister, but guess what? It scares the hell out of me. She got some kind of allergy deal because she can't even eat down fish. And she got these crazy ass people called humanity. And I told her, I said, man, the hell don't you go to where I care somebody, somebody that's going to help you out. They won't touch me down here because, I don't even think the doctors are take where I care down here. I throw less crazy hell. That's a fellow government issue. They got to take it. Could it, could it, could it, could it, could it, could it, could I, could I ask you something? Could I ask you something? If I gave you a phone number, would you please call her and tell her this? Wait a minute, call back, call back. Okay, give me your number, eight, four, four, nine, eight, one, one, four, zero, seven. That's I show real matter of fact when I get off the phone with you, I'm gonna call her and give her this number to call you. Okay. But yes. Uh-huh. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. All right. Long as I know I can you wear care to brush your feet. Okay. All right. Yes. I am. That's all I got. Man, I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. Eight, four, four, nine, eight, one, one, four, zero, seven, four, four, three, one, six, six. Yeah. Right now. All right. Guys, I have one eight, four, four, right. Okay. I got you. Right now.