Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling well care Medicare. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. My name is LaShonda Blanding Bay. I'm a licensed insurance agent. How may I assist you today? Yes, sir. You want to keep the well care plan? Okay, so I would I can't help you with that. It is my job to assist you with finding a plan that best meets your needs and they have additional coverage like a hand dental over the counter items or money back which of these will be important to you. I I have to go over the same spill again, but had you called back yesterday. I wouldn't have to do this, but I'll try to make it as quick as possible for you, okay? So basically, I'm just gonna go through. I was just asking you what what coverages were important to you. All right, and you want to make sure a job. And doctor is covered. What's your spine doctor's name? And please note that we do not offer every plan available in the area. Because see what you qualify for. Can you please confirm your zip code and county? And and man, I have your first and last name, please. And do you receive or are you losing other healthcare coverage from an employer group or retiree plan Mr. Jones? And do you have military health coverage such as tricare, champ VARV? And in case with this connected key, please confirm your phone number and email address. All right, yeah. And it just confirm if you have a second phone number that we should add. And if you can verify your data birth for me, thank you. Thank you. And as I look into the benefits that we've discussed so far, can you think of any other benefits that we should focus on? All right, so before we can review your additional benefits, Medicare requires that I play a recorded disclaimer. While that record is playing, I will be searching for the information about the benefits that we've talked about so far. So please hold while I play the 90 second record. No, sir. So I remember the plan that you were going to get, like I said, I just have to go through the process for compliance reasons with Medicare and the law. So because the call is being recorded, so I just have to go through the same thing. Okay, one moment. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. One moment. Tuesday, January 9th, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare Advantage, HMO, PPO and PFFS organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked. Thank you for your patience. Do you understand and agree to the disclaimer that I played, including receiving calls and texts to this number? I do want to focus on, is there anyone that assists you with making your healthcare decisions? Is there anyone else in the home that has Medicare? And you do have my phone number information in case you need to reach me. Is that correct? Do have my phone. And I do want to focus on what is most important to you. So I'm going to ask you some questions so that I can fully understand your needs. Do you know much about your current insurance situation or is there anything that you are unsure about? We don't get, we don't check that one. And is there anything about the plan that you have now that you would like to change or improve? The plan that you have, is there any benefits that you would like that you don't have at the moment? So I thought yesterday when we looked at it, you switched, you had switched to Etna, right? So you want Etna. You don't want, you want well care. Okay, all right. Okay. And go ahead, I'm sorry. Okay, all right, well we're going to make sure that we check that doctor. And do you receive any benefits from Medicaid or get any extra help with the cost of your prescription? Okay. And have you lost, had Medicaid or extra help and lost eligibility within the last six months? Have you moved recently? Are you planning on moving within the next few months? All right. So that we can see what you're eligible for. Do I have your permission to look up your information in the Medicare database? Okay. Could you grab your red, white, and blue Medicare card for me please? So before you click here to exit. So before you read me your information on your Medicare card, I'm going to read you a brief statement. You are under no obligation to enroll, but I would need your consent to the statement before proceeding. And it is important. Okay, it's important that the information provided is correct to the best of your ability. And in the attempt to avoid delays of enrollment application being processed, we would like to verify your information with CMS prior to enrollment submission. Do we have your consent to complete this verification? Please note that during the validation CMS may provide additional details regarding your eligibility, which could assist your license agent with choosing the plan to best meet your needs. Okay. Now, do you have that Medicaid number? Because it is. 8 AM, 8 AM, VJ. YM50. I'm going to read it back to you. So I have 8. A is an alpha, M is a mic. I is an igloo. B. Okay, five. I thought you said five. That's what I said. I'm going to read it back. I have V after five is B is a Victor. J is in Jack. Seven. Y is in Yankee. And is in Nate and 50. Okay. And what happened on the phone call yesterday? Because I wasn't able to stay on it. So let's see what we got going on. How are you day going to day? Not sure yet. Why not? Oh, Lord. Don't do me like that. Oh, my God. That's the joke. Because I'm still on the phone with you. Okay. All right. And you had a doctor name? H-U-S-S-A-R-N. I-D is in dog, right? Boy, okay. And what zip code is he in? Remember seeing that name. No, I said I remember seeing that name. It looked familiar. Okay. Don't worry about it. It was weird that you... Hmm. I'm going to see if I can find that Medicaid. Okay. And you said CVS was the pharmacy, correct? One, zero, zero, zero, soup, soup. See, I'm the one I should have saved all day. Let me see. One, zero, zero, soup, soup. I have... My name is H-U-S-S-A-I-N. And everyone... Oh. Is he at 240-E-59 Street? I'm sure neurologist 240... And who is your primary care physician? Still in the same zip code. If you had a phone number, that may be easier. I'm going to get it up, but I'll show it to you tomorrow. H-U-S-A-I-N-S-A-I-N-S-A-I-N-S. Yeah, we need that zip code. I'll go go that number. I don't know, I don't want to have an H-U-S-A-N-S-A-N-S-A-N-S-A-N-S-A-N-S. 10462. Is that it? 10462. I know he looks your doctor up yesterday. He was deaf in the network. I might have to... 10462. H-U-S-A-I-N-S-A-N-S-A-N-S. I have a zip. It should be that 104. Spell his name for me please. Yeah, I have it. I look Google that... P, what is it P? I mean, I can look... Yeah, perfect. Joe Posler. All right, I just have to get all this information put into the system. 718, his number come up different. I have 718-3209,000. He is accepting new and existing patients. He'll be your primary care physician. It's located at 2300 Westchester Avenue in the Bronx. All right, type of plan is HMO. I know remember some of those medicines, but... Hold on, one moment, one moment. And he is accepting the well care plans as well. I'm just going to list him as your primary care physician and he will be the one listed on your card. So because... So this plan is still going to start... Of course, you know it's going to start on February 1st, right? All right. You still have to cover it. But once you enroll in another plan, that plan is going to override what you have. Bear with me. Let me see something. One moment. I want to check something. I don't know what she went to. I'm going to place her on a brief hold, okay? All right. Thank you so much for your patience. All right. So in the effective day for your Medicare Parts A and B, you are level 2. And what's your effective day on that Medicare card for your Parts A and B? You said it was... Yeah. Perfect. O-E-P. So, were you able to get your flu medicine today? Oh, yes. Yes, I'll get your medicine. All right. So now, let me go back to your medicines. All right. I remember you had like five, I think. I know you had metformin. But I would need a dosage. Metformin. Now, H-C. That was... Was that one four times today? And you still don't know how often you fill your prescriptions. How long that was prescriptions last when you fill them? All right. So I'm just going to do the 30 days. I mean, you know you're not responsible for the payment anyway. So, okay. That's like 120. All right. There wasn't one of them. A tour of a statin. All right. What was that dosage? A tour of a statin. Was that cholesterol? I know the quick pain. A tour of a statin. Or the milicron. So that's 30. All right. And your quick... What was the name of that quick pain though? Because it was like... That... That's a glory. Yep. And you say you got the pack of five, right? Look. I'm sitting here in disbelief, honestly. I'm like, girl. I can't believe it. I still remember. So you had the... A tour of a statin. That's why I met four men. It was one other one that... That a lot of people be taken. What's your next one? I'm low to pain. I'm low to pain. I want your dosage. Okay. How many times per day? And your medicines don't have the quantities on their correct? Yeah. So your prescriptions are 30-day refills. And it was... All right. I'm ready for your next one. Free style. Is that over the count? And it's called free style. I'm not... It's not coming up. But what's the medicine though? Because if you approve for the medicine, then that anything that goes with it, that's going to be approved. Like the accessory. All right. So it's only four prescriptions. I had five yesterday at least. I had me... Gabba pen. That's it. Yeah. I remember it was 600 milligrams. How many times per day? It was. And is that all of your prescriptions? Yeah. That's not... That's going to be covered for your quick pens, right? Is it aqua white? Yeah. That's going to be covered with your pens. Anymore? Yep. I wish your MG milligrams. I'm sorry. Your dosage. And... Subscribe. And how many packages do you receive?

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Yes, Shaloshanda. This is Eric Jones. I spoke to you all day yesterday. I want to keep my plan. Yes But I need to know if my doctor my spine doctors cover Okay, would you need would you need again my doctors? Just one minute One New York City one zero zero three six Eric Jones No, no Eric Jones seven Eric Jones 59 Alanzo ALO in deal a Yahoo.com What else? No, this six for six six for four six seven eight zero March 7, 1962 For hearing eyes and dental and diabetes Well, let me actually something it's it's one change from what I want and what I was get on get I miss them Understand cover your ass Yes No, I'm going to unsure about my doctors. I'm not understanding I'm not I'm not sure what what plans I have You want it now? No I kept Yes, thank you, Edna They're not In that caliber of my spine doctor. No Yes, you do. Yes, I can just one minute Where's my wallet? Okay, would you need Just grab it. Yes, you do A-A-M-DJ7-Y-N50 No, five unless they said they was contacting my doctors to get my medicine approved And let's see that's another reason I'm staying because I don't feel like going to all of that again But another company. I'm not sure yet I'm still on the phone with you Yes Your name is Hussein is h-u-s-s-a-i-n And his last name is D is I-D-R-A-H-I-N My oh come on. I don't say that Oh, I don't have a zip code. Where do you see? Hold on When there was no two two yet. Yes, that's the pose I'm about to pose as the Bronx um, just one minute. Let me see if I can find his address Okay, hold on 718-829-1900 Would you need a zip code? Okay, just is T-O-S T-O-S-N-E-R You got 914 med forming all my all my information required that I have is no good Okay, but I still have um So I but I still have them now That's the coverage I'm using now Uh-huh, so anyways 24 I'm going to see right after I found no, I have to. Yes, what time today? No, I don't yes What's that for your own then All right, I got 40 milligrams once a day Good Yeah, good memories This is my medicine. I gave you my brain blood pressure medicine on Ms. Gohazine, AM-L-O-D-I-T Yes 5 milligrams 30 Um Um Freestyle freestyle Liberty 2 No, that's um, that's the patch is um Yeah, I use for check my that on my shiver Yes Liberty 2 That's like the button to go that you put on yourself to check your shiver One more medicine One medicine is a med forming And a bad club Just like um a gabapin Gabapin And I take that um Two tablets two times a day This shit, I gotta miss a pit My medicine right here Keep it No, um, hold on, I'm trying to find it now I'm alcohol swap I would just say alcohol pads It says swap I grew the wall for asthma 90 It looks like it's a 90 Use that needed A pit or no, 2.5 grams I use it as you six hours I only give one bottle I think