Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling well, Karen, this is Shantay Deamer on a recorded line. How can I help you today? Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that. Is this from a Sandra Taylor? Sandra, I do need to let you know this call is being recorded for quality and training purposes. Are you still on 84 Henry Street, Department 312 and Stanford, Connecticut? All right, perfect, Ms. Sandra, and do you have your red, white and blue card with your Medicare ID handy? Okay. Well, sometimes it'll roll over, but what happened was it probably in the plan that you were on. It doesn't exist for 2024 anymore, so we just need to select a new plan. Hopefully. We'll take a look. We'll find the best one in your area for you. Thank you very much, and do I have your permission to look up your information? Okay, here we are. All right, Ms. Sandra, and you have Medicare and Medicaid? Let's see what plan we did have you on. H-0712. Well, care, no premium value. All right, I got your Medicare verified. Everything looks good there. Now we just need to verify your Medicaid. Take a look here. And your zip code is 06902. All righty. First name is Sandra. That's me, Taylor. Your date of birth is 724-1953. All right, and in order for me to check your Medicaid and Sandra, could you please provide me with your social security number? That was 266-069405. All right, and I do have your permission to look up your Medicaid status. All righty, perfect. So we can put you on well-care dual access. Well-care dual access open. Let's take this information here. All righty, when it comes to your Medicare plan, what is the most important to you? What do you need the most help with? Okay, so we need the vision coverage. All righty, and do you need transportation? All right. No, so for the transportation, it's only going to take you to and from doctors, dentists, visions, physical therapy, so only like medical related. All right. Let's take a look here. Now I just want to confirm why your plan ended. Yeah, typically it does. So I'm going to take a look and see. I'm assuming we don't have that plan anymore. The only thing I could imagine is why I didn't just roll over, but just ditch that. All righty. All righty. All righty, all righty. Seven, three, four, three, four, four, four, three, four. All righty, let's take a look please. All right, here you are. All righty, all righty. Thank you. All righty, all righty. All righty. Yeah, that's what it was, that plan's just not available anymore. Yeah, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was, that's what it was Let's take a look at the new plants here. Okay, so we can do well-cared dual access or well-cared dual access open, take a look here. All right, so on the well-cared dual access, of course, since you have Medicare and Medicaid, you'll have a zero-dollar co-pay on everything. You don't ever have to worry about co-pay. And then for your hearing services, you get one exam per year and a thousand dollars per year for hearing aids if you are to need those. Dental services for hearing aids. Yes, ma'am. And then for your dental services, you get two cleanings per year and a thousand dollars worth of comprehensive services. For vision services, this is zero-dollar co-pay for one exam per year and you get $200 per year for glasses or contact lenses. Yeah, yeah, it looks like they got rid of a couple of the benefits. Unfortunately, that plan isn't available any longer. Now, let's keep going. Now, let's see if you get any better here. Yeah, let's see what else I got here. And then for the well-cared standard, they're going to give you $80 a month for healthy groceries, a total of $960 per year. You can use that for groceries. You can use it for utilities or you can use it to pay for like your gas at the pump. You can use it for rent. Correct. Yes, ma'am. The $100 looks like it was on the well-cared dual liberty, which was the plan you had last year that is no longer available. Yeah, so it's $80 now. It should still work. Did you use it for December? Because your plan just ended December 31st. So, it should still, if you have anything left on it, you can still use that. Now, we will be, then you should, yeah, you should still have a balance on there. So you'll be able to use that and then you'll get your new card and then you'll start using it. All right, so you got that. Everything else is basically the same. It looks like you did, and they did go down a little bit on the benefits. But no. All right, so we got that. Now, what is the name of your primary care position so I can put it on your card? Okay. So you will have to wait. So this plan won't go into effect until February. Until then, continue to use your benefits as you have. Now, if you have anything, if you haven't used any of the money from your previous, then you can go ahead and still use that. But you won't start using these new benefits until February 1st. Yeah, if we would have caught it in time, then you know, you could have started using it in January. But unfortunately, they didn't just roll you over to this plan. Why? I don't know. You know, I've had clients that, if they're playing councils, they just put them in a different plan. But for you for some reason, they just didn't put you in a plan at all. I'm not sure why that happens. You may be honest with you. Okay, got it. All righty. Okay, let me look up their doctor number real quick. Okay, got it. And what pharmacy are you using for your medications? Okay. That's fine. Great, honey, can we just a moment? I'm going to get everything typed up for us. And then do you want to do the switch over the phone or do you want me to text you the link and you can complete it? Okay, all right. Give me just a moment. Let me get everything typed up, florist. Zero dollar co-pay for hospital stay, yes ma'am. So no co-pays, your medical coverage is wonderful. It's just the benefits that went down a little bit. But as far as, no, you go ahead. Yes ma'am, it does roll over and also you can now use it if you need it to pay for gas at the pump. So they're giving you a little more flexibility with it. Also, it's on a different, it's a well-care spindle boost card. It sounds like you might have already got one of those. So it'll be the same as that. It'll just be a different one. You can, based into that one, if there's money on it, go ahead and use it. Now they might send you a different one. If they don't, then they'll just load it to that one. Oh, you can definitely use it. So you might just use that one and then they'll just start putting 80 instead of 100. Yes ma'am, it has to be in network places. Now I know it's like, well, shop right is fine. Walmart, Walgreens, CVS, Kroger. So it is certain food, but I know it's a lot more lenient this year than last year. So when you're shopping on the tags in most places, it will have like OTC approved. So if you see that, then you know that it's fine. But it's like for meat, cheese, vegetables, things like that. Healthy food. Yeah, it's probably what we all need. All right, it's Nashaba Shaheem S-H-A-H-I-D. Provider number 1-2-8-5-1-2-6-7-8-9. Okay, so that's one-2-3-3-4. Okay. Let me see this here. Okay. All right. I think I got everything ready for us. We will go ahead and start the enrollment together on the phone. All right. Please know our call. We recorded for quality and training purposes. Is it okay if I continue? All right. And you are your own legal decision maker? Okay. Thank you very much. And could you please state your first name, your middle initial, your last name, and your date of birth? That is it. Okay. All right. And for this application, we will ask questions to process your application. I will cover the plan requirements and answer any questions you may have. At the end of the application, we will ask you to confirm the accuracy of your answers, which will be recorded. At the end of... Yep. I just said that. Your response to the form is voluntary. Our failure to respond may affect enrollment into the plan. You are not required to provide health-related information unless this information is needed to determine your eligibility to enroll into the plan. If you choose not to provide the request to health information, you may not be able to enroll into the plan. We comply with the applicable federal civil rights laws and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national, origin, age, disability or sex. Before making an enrollment decision, it is important to fully understand the plan's benefits and rules. Based on what we have discussed, please confirm you would like to enroll into well-cared, dual-access, HMO, DSNP, with an effective date of 2-1, 2024. And a plan premium of 0. Is that correct? All right. If you are ready to enroll with an application and process or signature, once we complete the signature, I will give you the application number for reference. Tell you what to expect materials in the mail and provide you with a customer service number. And I have your home address of 84 Henry Street, apartment 3, 12, and Stanford Connecticut, zip code 06902, and that's Fairfield County. And is that your mailing address as well? Okay. And do you need to receive your plan information in any language other than English? Okay. And will you have any other prescription drug coverage in addition to this plan? And are you a resident in a long-term care facility, such as a nursing home? All right. You do have Medicaid. You just one moment. I saved your Medicaid number over here somewhere. Put it on there for you. Here it is. 0-0-4-129-490. And will you or your spouse be employed once you've enrolled into the plan? Okay. And you do have Medicare and Medicaid, so you will not be charged to part B premium from your Social Security check. All right. Now to finish your enrollment, we need to go through some important legal information. I will now play the CMS required disclaimer. Please stay on the phone for this recorded disclaimer. If you have a question during the recording, ask me to stop the recording. Please do not hang up. Otherwise, your enrollment will not be complete. After listening to the disclaimer, if you agree to what you heard, I'll proceed to obtain your verbal signature. All right. Here we go. Well-care is a licensed and certified representative of Medicare Advantage HMO, HMOSNP, PPO, PPOSNP, and VFFS organizations, and stand-alone PDP prescription drug plans. Each of the organizations they represent has a Medicare contract. Enrollment in any plan depends on contract renewal. Non-contracted out-of-network providers are not obligated to treat you except for emergencies or urgently needed services, otherwise you may be responsible for the costs. Your ability to enroll in the special needs plan is based on verification that you are entitled to both Medicare and the qualifying level of Medicaid. The information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of my knowledge. I understand that if I am getting assistance from a sales agent, broker, or other individual employed buyer contracted with well-care, he or she may be paid based on my enrollment in well-care well-care serves a specific service area. If I move out of the area that well-care serves, I need to notify the plan so I can disenroll and find a new plan in my new area. Once I am a member of well-care, I have the right to appeal plan decisions about payment or services if I disagree. I understand that my verbal signature or the verbal signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the individual under the laws of the state where the individual resides on this application means that I have read and understand the contract. If signed by an authorized individual, this verbal signature certifies that one, this person is authorized under state law to complete this enrollment and two, documentation of this authority is available upon request by Medicare. Thank you very much for listening to that. Do you understand and agree to the statements we have viewed in this call including your intention to enroll into the plan? Do you understand that you are enrolling into well-care dual access for a monthly premium of $0 and the plan's proposed effective date is 2-1 of 2024? All right, today is January 9th of 2024 to confirm your application and to acknowledge the information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of your knowledge. You understand if you intentionally provide false information on the form, you will be disenrolled from the plan. To enroll you into well-care dual access, please state your full name in today's date. Thank you very much, Miss Sandra, that does complete your enrollment. Your enrollment confirmation code is HPT1044514. We will email you that number and just a confirmation that you selected your new plan and you will receive a new welcome packet in the mail within 10-12 business days. Is there anything else I can do for you today, Miss Sandra? You're welcome. If you have one more moment, I'm going to send you over to the verification specialist and they're just going to make sure I took care of you, okay? All righty.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Yes, I was once a on wear care last year and I thought I thought it rolled over that, you know, even though you guys were sitting out information to start over again. I just thought my mind. I just thought I will go for the next year for this year here. So I'm trying to get back. I'm trying to get back on with you guys. Yes, yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Oh, can we hear this? I just thought I was still on the plane. Would it be a better place? Okay, I appreciate it. If the number is six, are four, six, three, and three, and six, zero. Yes, yes, yes, two, six, zero, six, nine, four, zero, five. Yes, yes. My eyes. Yes, ma'am. The transportation does that case mean food shopping? Okay, I didn't roll. I didn't roll. I thought it rolled over. Okay, you say that's what you. That's what you're. Okay. That's the other 10. I think it was. Yeah, because. We don't think they gave you. You know, because they gave me $500 for. The last is. You don't see. They just sent me a car saying it was $100 on it. So that's 80. So you sent out a new car that car that I have still worked. I never do. I never do. Okay, you'll be. A lot. A lot. They gave you up there to take away something else. I don't know. I don't know her name. They've changed so many times. I go to. I don't know. And the $200 for the. Oh, do we know. Do I have to wait to. For the glasses. Can I use it right now? Well, I have to wait. Okay. The doctor. Mm-hmm. I mean, the doctor offers a doctor name is. A H I D. The last name is. And all. S H A B A. Ladies. Okay. Mm-hmm. We're doing all the time. Okay. It's interesting. Yes, it doesn't even have the hospital. Hospital visit. I mean hospital stay. And the money. And on the card that money don't roll over. right if I don't use it yeah oh so the one I have now I can't use you're saying oh what is they got a hundred dollars on this for him yeah it's only in certain supermarkets right shop right okay and it's on food anything kind of food I want to buy oh that has been certain kind of food okay food okay got you that's what I need yeah okay yes yes I am Sandra E Taylor 72453 the fit right yeah okay yes yes no no no no okay okay yes Sandra E Taylor January 9th 2024 okay thank you so much that's it thank you so much okay hello I can't hate it it's a million oh