Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling our well care Medicare this cost and court of equality and training purposes my name is your volunteer Let I'm a licensed insurance agent. How can I see today? Okay, I can help you with that. It's my job to assist you with finding a plan that meets your needs That may have additional coverages like enhanced dental over the kind of items of money back Which would these would be important to you? What will be important to you and is your husband available? Okay Yeah, this for you and your husband just for your husband Okay, and you have you have power but turn it over him. I know Okay, well you can talk for him, but once we do the enrollment then you can I will go from there Please know we do not offer every plan available in your area To see what you qualify for can you please confirm your zip code in county? What is your zip code on the Arkansas? Bentonville, Arkansas And do your husband have Medicare a and part B? Okay, well Medicare follows you as long as you have I mean Medicare is different You know, but you don't lose Medicare unless you stop paying for it, but you don't really lose Medicare once you get it Okay, what is your husband's first and last name? Okay, right in case we get this connected can you please defer in the phone number email address? Okay 209 827107 sorry to hear that man Okay, all right, and okay, there's a second phone number. We should add 209 519 9392 Okay, all right and can you verify your date of his date of birth? Okay, and as I look at the benefits discussed so far because you think of any other benefits. We should focus on Yeah, yeah, what you'll have to do you'll have to we'll we'll give you a list of doctors to see if those doctors are okay for you Once we get to that portion of the application. I mean maybe Now what about now, okay, can you hold for a second man hold on for a second man hold on Hello, man, are you there? Oh, okay, sorry about that. Sorry about the whole Okay, and before before we can redo a review additionally from eight benefits Medicare requires us to play a recorded disclaimer Why the record in this plane? I will be searching for information about benefits. We talked about so far Hole one second hole Hole one second one moment as I played his 92nd message and um Okay, as I look at the benefits discussed so far could you think of any other benefits? We should focus on Okay, hold on where I played a 92nd message, hold on Tuesday January 9th 24 this call will be recorded for quality and training purposes You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race color national origin age disability or sex If you speak a language other than English language assistance services free of charge are available to you TTY users may dial 711 for assistance Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare Advantage HMO, PPO and PFFS organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part De-sponsor Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason We will need to reach you at this number even if it is on the do not call list Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls Text that this number including by auto-dialer or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the do not call list This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844 978 0969 or emailing us a privacy at hpone.com Before we get started today We will discuss Medicare Advantage plans Medicare supplements prescription drug plans dental vision or any ancillary plans such as cancer Heart attack stroke accident and hospital coverage Thank you for thank you for your patience. Do you understand and agree to the disclaimer I played include and receive a call the test message to this number Okay, and you say your husband is there listening also Okay, because that Yeah, but yeah, but the thing is if you don't have power of attorney then when we get ready to I just want to make sure he understand what's going on So if you want to just to have him on speaker just in case Okay, okay, so would you rather do this will email how I would you rather do this would you rather for us to send your application and you do it online or Will that work for you? No, what I'm saying is I'm saying if I know you're you say you don't feel well So I didn't know if I sent you the application would you know Okay, no, I was saying that we have an option where I could where we could do it where you could do it electronically if you want to That's what I'm asking. So I didn't know if that was something that's into it Okay, okay, all right, I just want to make sure so we could continue. Okay, all right Um, is there anyone else in the home that makes the health care decisions for your husband? Okay, is there anyone else in the home that also has Medicare? Okay, all right You can reach me by phone when needed. Do you have a pen in a piece of paper to take down my information? Okay, my name is Javane J-O-V-A-N The last name is Gillette G-I-L-L-E-T-T-E just like the razor Gillette Yeah, yeah, waiting on it right now Okay, wow Wow Wow, well, well, it's a new year new new everything so hopefully everything Uh come full circle you may get double of what you had before so That's correct. That's correct Okay, okay, not a bro Okay, that's good Okay, I just want Well, that's good. That's that's that's the way to go. That's the only way the two go really A lot of way to go so Okay Okay, I just want to focus on what's most important. I'm going to ask a few more questions. So I fully understand your needs uh, so um Do you know much about your current search Situation is there anything about the current situation you are sure about what he has now anything you are unsure about Okay Okay, all right Okay, so it's Imperial so Imperial might be different because you're in a different place So it may may not even have Imperial or Arkansas. So you may have to change the service I think yours are ready prepare for that anyway. Is that correct? Okay, okay, okay, so we gonna we gonna give you some options. We gonna I'm gonna see what's available I'm gonna give you what's available then we'll go from there I can tell you what we have available Okay, and I can uh just All right Yeah, what we'll do once we get the plan we'll send you a list of doctors so that we can choose from whatever's in the network of what he had before That's kind of how it's set up Because when you change insurance, I mean the the doctors are different. Okay. Is there anything about the uh So do you know the name of the current provider that he said Imperial is there anything about the plan that you had now Would like to change or improve anything you would like to improve that you can think of Okay, all right, okay Okay, so do we have do he have medical in California? Okay So he didn't have medical medical is Medicaid he don't have that either Okay, all right, and do you do you receive any other uh So he don't have any kind of Medicaid benefits or do he get extra help For the cost of his prescription drug coverage Okay, when did you move what day did you guys move? Okay, when did you go to social security? I'm saying when did you get when did you uh change the uh When did you move what day did you move you said December? You sent me to 10 okay Okay, so it hasn't been 30 days. Okay, December 10 Okay, all right Okay Yeah, I'm still here Yeah, I'm just looking at Uh, I don't need it just yet. I don't need that just yet. I may need it later Um, what I could do is uh So when did you did you uh call did you uh go to uh medicare and tell them that you move Okay, what day did you go to social security and tell them? Got two weeks 45 a Mm-hmm Okay Okay, all right, so what I can Good Yeah, I'll do you know you're absolutely right. I'm glad that you you understand that I did that I just see this everything y'all Yeah, that's correct Uh, that's correct. I'm glad that you said that that's a that's a good son. Okay, so uh so we can see So so what date The reason why I asked that because based on the move date, but I'm going to look at your address and based on your address The address is not updated then we may have to change the date to today's I don't know. I got to see if the address wasn't updated The social uh medicare you should should have updated your address Is they updated your address and I mean you already notified them normally they give you 60 days Okay, that's okay. We'll we'll get everything taken care of for you So that's not a problem. We'll try to get everything taken care of for you. So that's the main thing Okay, so so we'll see what you're looking for. Do we have permission to look up your information to the medicare database Okay, all right Come here Okay, go ahead Wow Wow I don't need one imagine you guys get everything back probably tenfold you'll probably get everything back It's nothing that ain't replaced for your life. It's not replaced for loans. You guys are well and safe Everything else is it's tangible. Yeah, I know. I know It does Well, that's all you can do All right, that's nice. Okay, all right, so uh So you have your you have your husband's red, white, and blue card and his medicare card and you have that Okay, but if you got the social I can use the social but before you give me the information Before you read the information on the card, I'm going to I want to read a brief statement You are in a no obligation to a role. I just need to consent to To the statement before proceeding to plan presentation is important that the information providers correct to the best your knowledge Any attempt to avoid a Roman application being processed. We would like to verify your information See a mess prior to a Roman submission. Do we have your consent to complete this verification Okay, please know that during the validation see a mess may provide Additional details regarding your eligibility which could assist the life of agent with choosing the plan the best this you need Okay, all right, so whenever you're ready you can just give me the social security number that'll that'll be okay as well Okay, I got five five nine zero four five seven eight four is that correct? And as and as it was random is that correct Senior okay, all right, let me make sure okay Sometimes I could take that I mean being at a senior sometime that can make a difference too far as when I'm looking up the name Is that was on his medicare card? Is that what's on his medicare card senior? Yeah Yeah, everything it depends on where you go from state to state. It's not the same. So I can tell you that all already never the same no Oh, I could I could believe it because every state has their own Calculation based on how the state is set up is Is weird, but I mean that's just how it's set up Okay, so they updated your address for Arkansas so the address has been updated So the address has Okay, I'm just looking at the plan to see what plan he has right now Let's see What you guys updated the address, so you probably still got the plan from California. That's what I'm saying Yeah Yeah, they what they supposed to just have you to change it, but it never would change So we can we can definitely change it for you So we're gonna change it to a different plan because it's it's not go It I mean doctors and all of that is going to be it's going to throw everything off anyway So what they have to do is apply for medicare look like you had medicare in California So it's that you just gotta just move you're gonna have to apply for in the state that you're in So what we could do is get him a plan just to start now um until he And once you apply for it, he can change it to a to a Medicaid plan Um, changing Well, yeah, you he had medicare when he was in California, is that correct? Okay, so Oh, he didn't Well, you still could get medicare anyway because it said it's telling me that he has medicare Medicaid, that's what I said. Yeah, yeah, he had medicare Well, you're gonna have to apply for the again in the state of Arizona because every state is different the way they set it up So when I'm in Arkansas, yeah, every when you go from state to state you have to go and sign up to it in our Arkansas So it doesn't follow you from state to state because everybody's And most state they have medicare in in California have medicare so it's a different it's different the way it's set up so So he is gonna have to apply for it again So what we're gonna do now Yeah, you just go have to just apply for it again In the state of Arkansas But what I'm gonna do now I'm going to just get a plan set up for him

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Yes, sir. I do need help. My husband, I just relocated from California to Arkansas. And when I got here, I got very ill, so I hadn't been able to call until today. And it just been a rough month. So I wanted to see if I could get my husband set up for his medicare here in Northwest Arkansas. Thank you. Oh, yeah, that would be awesome. Hey, sure is. Do you need his permission? Just my husband, I usually handle all the paperwork and calling. I'm one of those folks who wives, I guess. I think so. I know I've called offices before that said, but my husband's right here if you want it. Okay. It is seven, two, seven, one, three. I'm in Bentonville, definitely. Yes, he did when we were in California. I just want to make sure it's still there. It should be still enrolled. Oh, okay. I'm not sure now. Oh, okay. I see what you're saying. Edward Rand, R-A-N. Yes. My number is 209-827. I got to think of my 1079. I'm still feeling a little bit under the weather. No, I'm not sure. Yeah, my husband, that way you, if you can't get a hold of me, his is 209-519-9392. Exactly. Correct. 7657. Well, I just want to make sure that when we were in California, the doctor was treating pain for my husband with the suboxone. Is there a certain, I don't know what they have out here? I read that they do have that. Okay. Okay. Okay. You're breaking up there. Hello. I can't hear you. It's breaking in and out. A little bit better. Perfect. Where did you go? I sure can't. No problem. I sure am. Okay. Okay. Okay. No, mainly a dental, doctor and dental, mainly for my husband right now. Okay. Thank God. Are you still there? Oh, yes, sir. Yeah, he's in the living room. I just do it for him all the time. Oh, he has been, well, the thing is he's been bugging me to call and get this done because I've been feeling bad. But I'm in the bedroom and he's out here with my grandson. We're helping. He's really, he's right here. He gave permission to meet me. Whatever was, what I'm not sure what you're asking me now. I've oh, no, no, because I've been not feeling good for a while, but I'm a little bit better today. So I got to get it done. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. But whatever you think would be the best choice, sir. It's up to you. Okay. No, no. I sure do. Go ahead. Okay. And you're going. Wow. You should go and get some urine heritage by the select company. I fell in here in eight years. Oh, sir, this last year, we were retired in our, our fifth little beautiful one and it burned and I lost everything. Even our dog of 14 years with a rough minute rough year. So we want to see some better things this next year. Yeah. Double for my trouble, brother. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I'm not talking to you already. My husband and I are retired now, sir. Yeah. Yeah. But we're still in the ministry. Yeah. There is. Yeah. Anyway, I'll be quiet. I'm free too. Okay. He has to have like, yes, I, the one thing that I'm not sure about is it because we were on Imperial in California. And, and they sent me all this paperwork too. They've got, got, can we lay because of the, you know, how they put the forwarding address. So I haven't let them know or send anything I wanted to call you first and see. Everything was going good. He really liked that insurance. They did really good. He had dental ambition. He has astigmatism. So I, and this guy takes 12 items a day. He takes very good care of himself but he needs glasses and, and like I said, for pain relief, that's a box and that's the main thing you need in this area. Oh, and it just ran out of his high blood pressure medicine. So we need to get that done too. Yeah. I knew whatever happens. I'm fine with it. If it can be, you know, like that, that one I had or even better, that would be the way we would want to go. Okay. We can even only choose a different doctor's name to whatever. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Well, the only thing that I, I see all these, like, grocery benefits and stuff like that, I didn't know if we would be able, or he would be able to get some of that on a plan or is that missing California. He has, he was just on Medicare and then, yeah. No, that's what I have. Yeah. Uh, they took care of it always. He never had to share a cost. He had a, uh, I went, uh, we moved, let me see. Like to push a December and, uh, I went to Social Security Office. I got that done, but then I got so sick. Oh. So I have to get it done. That's the only reason I haven't been in their call. Yeah. And I changed it over. Uh-huh. Probably the, uh, about the eight away, the 10th, the 10th. Yeah. Maybe wait, wait, let me check my phone real quick. Okay. Make sure I find that. Maybe I have it on there. It might have been earlier, sir, but it's been a good month. If not, oh, like I said, I just, I usually don't like this one. My husband goes, don't let me run out, honey. I go, okay, okay, I'm in the call right now. Are you still there? Okay. You're looking at different things. You know, I know we don't have a lot of time, but I could give you, do you run it social? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I went to Social Security and told them I don't know the exact date. I have to, it's been at least, it's been at least 45 days. We just haven't been to the, yeah. The doctor gave him a little bit extra for our travel. And so he would have time and thank God he did because he's been at the creek. So he's good, but he knows he has to get into the doctor as soon as possible. And I'm going to trust you for the best reason because you know more than me. I'm not saying you're doing it for me, but you see this on day. So you know probably what will happen. It's your job. So you know, you know what you mean and what I don't need. And so I pushed you completely. Oh, and I think, oh, what see, I didn't know that. I just got here and I did Social Security. I didn't realize that. All right. I appreciate that. Thank you. Yes, I might have this old interior card. So I'll be right back. I'm going to get a water real quick. Are you there? Oh, okay. I'm going to run and get me a water. Hey honey, you got a really good agent. Yeah. So the Lord just seems to bless us like that. You know what else happened? Here our house burned down. Lost everything. Lost my dog. And then I'm staying at my son's house. My husband and I decided to go to the movies. So I'm walking back and looking myself in there and I tripped off the bed. Because I'm not used to it. And I broke my wrist. And I didn't just break it. I get screws in there. It was a cop here. Well, I took two years. No, you don't. It's like a depth when you when you have a fire. It's like your whole life that was is gone. Everything. And my husband why? Anyway, he's a doctor. I know. And I do believe that it's just it's really tough when it's just everything is gone. You know, everything you ever, you know, like a pair of socks or shoes. It gets wild to get back up again. So I feel like we're like starting over again. Now my daughter's going to have another baby. So we're going to be staying with my daughter and her husband because they both work and help out. The best we can. My daughter's very happy. My daughter, I have two children. They're 16 years apart. And my daughter, the youngest, she uh, in the church we call her the mommy baby because we made we made tamales to pay for the open adoption. So all been sisters. Yeah, I think he does have that. Let me grab it. Honey, do you have your Medicare card on the Medicare card? Yes. Red and blue, what? Well, let me take a look in here. Let me see. He's looking. What did I have there? It's the red and blue. I want it to help once. He's the card. How many red and blue cards? He doesn't have one, but I do have, um, wait a minute, let me check something if they've gotten out here. Yes, he does. Okay. Five, five, nine. Oh, four, five, seven, eight, four. Our numbers are very close. I have to think about it. They both start off by five times. Yes. Uh-huh. Yes. Senior. Well, yeah, that's what I, what's that, sir? I'm not sure. Probably not, probably just as a grant. I just, I know, can build my son with make and then it would call his dad, says, uh-uh, wrong social. Do I have to go and get my medicaid now? Medicaid. Completely different from here to California. Boy. No. And then I found out you do get SSI, okay? But can you believe they said my, uh-uh, well, when we moved back here, we lost $219 a month that I used to get in SSI. Wait. I thought it started on. Oh, good. I knew I did it. Yeah. When I, and I think he got a, yeah, they sent it to us here or forwarded here. Okay. Oh, okay. Okay. So, so what did he have to do first now? Yes. I didn't think he did. He just, no, it was, it was just for me because he was already 65. I want, I mean, we did, uh, he'd be keyed. But yeah, if I need to do that, then I guess I got to go over there and do that. In Arkansas. Okay. Okay. Oh, so I need to go over it.