Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Good afternoon. Thank you for calling well care. My name is Justice Christian. How may I help you today? Wait one second. Okay, you said 3 9 1960. Okay. Okay. I can take it from here. All right, hello. Hey, can I get your first name again? And your last name? Okay. And the previous representative said that you have original Medicare, so you do have your red, white and blue card, right? Okay. And then she said she's not, well, you're using sure about if you have Medicaid. Are you currently in a health care coverage, health care coverage besides your original Medicare? So, for example, like SIGNA, well care, United Health Care, no? Okay. So let me check what's going on and let's see what I can help you with just a minute one second. Why is that? Okay. Now, do you have your red, white and blue card on you now? Your Medicare card? Okay. I want to verify your Medicare information to see what I can help you with. If you can get it, that will work. Okay. So I need the MBI number when your card. It has like, it has like numbers and letters. Okay. One second. I'm saying beneficiary, not found. You said three, Y, A, 5, 8, 7, 2, F, J, 7, 6, yes. Okay. All right. I found you. So it looks like you do have part A and B. And then it looks like you're in a HMO. And you have applied for extra help before too. So just give me one second. So right now you're with humanity. That's not about right. And do they currently give you any benefits every month? Okay. That's just what happens sometimes. That's why there's a enrollment period just in case like AEP because plans are subject to change every year. So they do that. All right. Now, do you have a primary care physician? No. Okay. And how often would you say you go to the doctors or receive medical care in a year? Did you say you don't? Okay. Yeah. I don't feel good right now either. I think something's going around. Okay. All right. So what's important to you is basically like the extra benefits that you can receive. So like vision, dental hearing and then over-the-counter, run assistance, things like that. Okay. Yeah. I'm going to go over some of the benefits such qualify for in your area. One second. I just have to verify your Medicaid information. See. One second. Okay. So you do have Q and B only, but you do have Medicaid. Okay. One second. Right. So let me see if there's anything in your area that gives you more. And you said you do not have a physician, right? Okay. All right. So there is benefits in your area that will give you more than Hemianna is currently giving you that works with your Medicare and Medicaid. So I do want to go over it with you, but before I do so I will have to play you this quick disclaimer. Is that okay? So the disclaimer should be playing now. Okay. January 10th, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a planned slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a planned slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare Advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, text at this number, including by autodilor or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. Okay, so, all right, what I want to go over with you in your area is the WellCare All-Dewishor HMOD SNP. So, these SNP means that it works with your Medicare and Medicaid. Additional services that this plan has is that telehealth service, so if you're ever unable to get to a provider's office and they offer telehealth, you will be able to do a video chat with them. You also will receive the WellCare Spendable Card on a monthly basis. So, with this plan, you get $215 every month and it does roll over. You can use this for food, utilities, pay-up pump services for gas, transportation, right assistance, basically anything you need it for. Emblem and services is no cost to you. Ambatory surgical centers is no cost to you. Medicare cover tire practice services is no cost to you. Dental is also included so that's your preventive and comprehensive dental. Diabetic supplies are no cost to you. Lab services are no cost to you. Dr. Office visits for your primary care physician is no cost to you. Especially visits are no cost to you. Emergency care is no cost to you. There's also a fitness benefit, so if you're interested in going to the gym or the Y, the membership will be raised at no cost to you. Hearing is also included so that's the routine hearing exam. The fitting and evaluation if you already have hearing aids and then you get $1,000 a year towards hearing aids. Home health care is also no cost to you. All Medicare cover preventive services are no cost to you, so that's like the COVID-19 shot, flu shot, your in your wellness exam, all no cost to you. Urgent need of care is no cost to you and then provision. You get that routine ISM and then $100 for contact glasses lenses are frames a year. So this is the well care all do ashore in your area. Now you say you don't have a primary care physician, so I'm going to help you find one. Do you prefer a male or a female? Okay, and do you drive or you want something close by? Okay. All right, so let's see. I'm going to do the closest one to you. That's internal medicine. That's not what we want. One second. Family medicine. All right, so this one is right near you. Hunting National Bank, Columbus, Ohio. Are you familiar with that location? L3061, Hunting National Bank. Yeah. Okay. All right, let's see. This is Max Sayez. All right, let me check. And why is it saying that's weird? All right, let me look for another one. Then there's Eric. He's at Agler Road, A-G-L-E-R. Yeah. Yeah, that's where he's at. Are you familiar with that location? Okay. All right. All right, and you're not seeing any specialists. Are you taking any prescription medications? Okay. Okay. Yeah. What pharmacy do you go to pick up your medicine? Okay, and then if and when you have to go to the hospital, what hospital do you go to? You said OXU. Oh, okay. And are you set at 460 North Nelson Road Apartment 207? Okay. All right, now another question. Are you on the smartphone? Okay. Do you like use it? Do you know how to sign stuff on your phone? Yeah, I'll help you do it. So just give me a second. We don't we don't have to do it now, but it's not that hard. One second. Yeah, just one second. I'm not sending it yet, but I'm pretty sure you'll be okay one second. All right. All right, and your number is 614-508-257. All right, so I'm going to send the then you can put me on speakerphone and go to your text messages. Okay. Yep. Yep. Yep, so you just click on that. Click on that link and then let me know what you see after it loads up. Click on the link. Now click on the link. So that hyperlink, you should see a hyperlink on your text messages. So click on what you can click on. Okay, and then it should load up something while load up a web page. Okay, now what do you see? Okay, so you scroll down, scroll down to just look over, yeah, look over all of that and then scroll down and then hit next step. Okay, so yep, hit next step. Now what do you see? Okay, so I don't think you have to retip it. Do you? Okay, so yeah, you just verify that and then hit next step. It's not letting you hit next step. Okay, you got some what? Okay, what did I say? Okay, and the answer for that will be no. Yeah, that's no. For that, you put, you can choose either one, it's no cost to you, so you can choose coupon book or you can do Social Security. That's just how the application is set up, but you have Medicaid, so it's no cost. Did you miss any questions? Yep, that's up to you. No, just choose English. Okay, yeah, then write it. I'm not sure. They changed the app. Okay, that's if you need, I would just choose large print for that. Okay, so if you have to type your signature type it, if you don't just choose what they are allowing you to choose. Okay, so just confirm that it's correct and then next step or submit application. Okay, you write that down and then let me know when you're finished with that so I can give you my number. All right, now my my number is 844-981-1407 and then it's ascension 28-42-28-42. And my name is Justice. Okay, now I just want to do a quick recap of what we went over on this call, so on this call we got you into the well-cured B-snip. You're going to be getting $215 on all over the counter card that you can use for food, utilities, run assistance, basically anything you need it for. It does roll over and then all of your other benefits, so you know your vision, dental hearing, that's all the same and no cost to you. Now I know we've been on the phone for a little bit but I do got one last step, so I do need to do a quick conference call with one of the well-care enrollment specialists. This call is not going to take longer than five minutes, okay? Uh-huh. Okay, so you can use it beginning February 1st and it should be in your mailbox within like two weeks, 14 days, business days. All right, give me one second. Hello, Katie. Hey, so I have a role- oh yeah, I'm here. I have a role specialist on the line with you and she's going to take it from here, okay? You're welcome. You have a great rest of your day. Hi, Katie. My name is Lakwanda. I'm part of well-care customer care team. I do want to let you know the call would be recorded for quality and training purposes. And today I'm just confirming you're enrolled into the well-care. I'll do a sure plan. Would it start date of February 1st? Is that correct? Okay, did justice review your prescription medications and doctors who are important to you for this enrollment? Did she go over your doctors with you in your prescriptions? All right, just going to go over the resource assessment. This assessment would help maximize your resources. Would you say your health is excellent? Good, Sarah. Poor. Okay, all right. Do you have any health conditions? Ask them on CLPD, blood pressure, diabetes, depression? Okay. And did you have issues with transportation in the medical appointments? And you have a steady place to live? And do you feel safe in your home? Okay. And have you had your flu shot? COVID-19 vaccination? Okay. Okay. And do you tobacco at this time? Lastly, we'll just like to ensure we have your permission to call. There is a need to follow up by saying yes, you are confirming. Give a cassette for our company to contact you. We'll give you a call within 10 to 20 business days to be sure you get your new card in the mail. And to make sure you don't have questions at that time, would that be okay? All right, so I do want to thank you for our rolling. Do not hesitate to reach out to your agent if you have any questions, so you have a wonderful day and stay safe. You're welcome. Thank you. Bye-bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hi, this is Latanya from Qualified Medicare and I have Mr. Kiti Shakur on the line and he says he does have his Medicare parts A and B active for 2024. I'm not sure about Medicaid. I wanted to see when you get them pulled up if you could check that when you're in. His current zip code is 43219. His date of birth is 399. 1960. I wanted to check for him for the, okay, yes. So we wanted to check for him for the 2024 benefits. See if there's any new benefits allowances or extra help available to him with his Medicare this year. Okay, thank you. Hi, Kiti Shakur. Yeah, I know. Well, let's go to the wall with someone so he's going to do what you want me to do. What's it going to be for you guys? 3, y, a, 5, dash, a, 7, 2, dash, fj, 7, 6. I said, 3, y, a, 5, dash, a, 7, 2, dash, fj, 7, 6. Yep. Yep. They cut him down though. It was $175 and it took $25. Why is that? No. I don't. Something got to really be wrong with. I don't feel good right now. I'm sick. I'm taking I'm taking positive. I'm drinking nightquill. That's how bad I feel by you. Yeah. That's all. If you're okay. Yes. I don't care. Don't matter to me. I don't care. And if I can get a ride, you should I get a taxi doctor right? I'm okay. I heard of, I heard of Haggler. That's Haggler Road. Yes. That's up north in. I take Cerequeville. I have a couple bottles of Cerequeville, but I've been taking them out and just depression. It's a crowbar of 2000. These main street. Oh, it's you. Oh, it's you. Oh, how I've stayed in the university. Yes, ma'am. I don't know what kind of phone this is. There's an Android. I don't know. How do you want me to go to my bank message or something? Well, this phone, I don't know. I'm going to sit down and get somebody down here and help me. Can I do that? Just now. I'll check the messages. Okay. See what I can do. You can roll in that link. That's you. Okay. I see 443-232-00657. That's a phone and send her submit application. I see my name. I got next step. Hit it. Okay. Okay. Medicare number, retry Medicare number. No, not going nothing. Next step. I got some red. My current, some red writing. I have to go. It says, please confirm if you have other prescription drugs. Okay. Yeah. Automatic withholding from a Social Security benefit check. Keep on book. Next step. Not doing it. Please confirm to hear others. No. Okay. There we go. I acknowledge. So I need to put my email address, prefer language, English, write it. I don't, I got to write English then, right? All right. There it goes. Accessible floor mat. What's that name? Accessible. All right. Now I got down to my signature. It's got, please confirm your name. It's got my signature already there. I did submit application. Congratulations. The application has been censored securely to well care for processing. You should be receiving a confirmation call and email shortly. confirmation number. Write that down. My name is H, he, he, 104, 5, 7, 8, 6. I'm done. Your number? 844-981-407. Excuse me. Extension. 1842. Got you. Got it. Question. When is this car coming to come? When can I use it? Okay. Yes. Hello. Okay. Thank you. I need to answer mine. Okay. Just now. Okay. Yes. Okay. It's not too good. I feel there you gave out on me. CLPD, depression. I get light-headed sometime. Yes. Yes. Yes. No, man. I had a COVID shot before. I don't smoke. Yes. All right. Thank you, too.