Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hello, and thank you for calling well care Medicare. My name is Jacquan Johnson a licensed insurance agent and it's called We'll be recording the quality and training purposes. How can I help you today? Well, let's check it out. Let's check it out first I want to make sure you still have them on Plan with us and then if there's a bad address on there We're gonna update that so you can get you new cars That's probably what it is that they're running the old information and Unfortunately the old information is no longer active because we're now in 2024 Nice, okay, so who'd have the pleasure of helping today? Let's get to the bottom of it. Oh, who do I have the pleasure to pleasure of helping today All righty nice to meet you Leslie. How's your day going? Nice all righty. So do you have any? Well, I would like to use the red, white and blue car because that's gonna tell me everything the Address and what you currently have do you have that card with you? Take your time. All righty. Let's see. Let's see So invalid. Let me see. I think this was a P there's Nothing the R in the middle Okay, I see that that's why I went wrong So right now it's showing a PO box as far as your mailing address is that where you check to get all your mail 1964. Uh-oh. So we got to update that Okay, so we'll update that for you Now it looks just me like you have a prescription drug plan for 2024 which I know have some important questions for you too but um You do have the well-care classic PDP with us here at wellcare started for you 10 days ago on the first of January So here's what It looks like you have part A part B and part D Now my question to you is what's going on with the part C? How come you don't have the part C going on Okay, we'll fix that for you and are you familiar with the part C is by any chance? Oh for sure Right. Oh, you should never Yeah, you should never pay no matter what no matter what you have because you you have both Medicare and Medicaid That's what the system tells me And you're also in Florida. So you're right down the block actually. You're in Brandon. I'm in Tampa That's cool You're not in Florida anymore. You moved To dover dover floor D-O-V-E-R Well, which way is that it's okay. It's not south or north. Oh Got you're going to head into where it's Lakeland Oh, okay, so let me fix all of that for you. Okay, so let me start with the address Okay, so what's oh no, that's completely valid. I'm gonna verify but it looks like it's because I met what it shows is a Medicaid Indicator which lets us know that a person has Even extra coverage. That's why your cost protected at zero dollars no matter what the doctor visits surgeries It tells us that and that informs us that hey she's eligible for for more benefits too All right Well, let me check that for you while I update the address. So what's that new P.O box number five seven one Okay, and it also have It's also with the zip code three five eight three. So you change your resident address to right. Let me see if that changes the the plans there Is it are you also in three three five eight three? What were you located? five two seven oh I'm mr five three three five two seven Okay, yep, it definitely says dover And if I go back three three five two seven See Okay, so that description joke plan stays the same so you don't have to mess with that as that's all right Now you definitely are eligible. Oh, I'm sorry. Go ahead Oh, and you're not gonna pay for that either Oh I don't know how to play but definitely you're not gonna be responsible for that at all Okay, so your plan is active like I said it started 10 days ago on the first when everything we fresh for the new year It's just that you haven't received your new cards. That's why they're telling you that you know you're Not covered theoretically, but you you really are So what we're gonna do is get you the new card sent out Um update the address all the way up to Medicare and well care and then we're gonna also upgrade your benefits Because you're eligible for what's called the spendables card. Have you heard about that? Okay, well, it's the benefit that helps you save money every single month with an allowance card And that's saving money in places like groceries utility bills gas What we want to do is make sure that the specialists and everything is our network Okay, so I just need to play a recording it's 80 seconds long And it's just lazy here disclaimer getting your permission to discuss the program with you today All right, you have any questions before we move forward All right one moment. I'll get that out the way for us Wednesday, January, 10th, 2024 This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes You are not required to give any health-related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan-slash program If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan-slash program This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws And does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex If you speak a language other than English language assistance services free of charge are available to you TTY users may dial 711 for assistance Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage HMO, PPO, and PFFS Organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason We will need to reach you at this number even if it is on the do not call list Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls Text at this number including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the do not call list This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 Or emailing us a privacy at hpone.com Before we get started today We will discuss Medicare Advantage plans Medicare supplements prescription drug plans dental vision or any ancillary plans such as cancer Heart attack stroke accident and hospital coverage All righty Leslie. Thank you for listening to the disclaimer and do you understand and agree This disclaimer please include a receiving calls and text to this number All righty, and is there anyone that helps you with your healthcare decisions Nice, okay, and nice. Okay. He really like he handles all your like plan information to write for you Okay, and is he home with you at the moment so you can come on a line Okay, okay, so we can get him here just Or if you're requesting to just because he helps you All righty nice So I want to start with something. Hey, how are you? What's your name? Hey Ryan nice to meet you All right, well, I'm ju- I'm ju- Juan Johnson. I'm a well-care license For Leslie here as far as upgrading her benefits and making sure she continues to pick up those prescriptions at no cost So that's important All right, so I want to start with this first alarming information that I've discovered so searching the floor to Medicaid database I'll come to find out that your Medicaid is currently inactive Did you know that by chance? Oh for Leslie Yeah Really when did you reapply? Okay, well, that's on time because they do recommend you do it every year around like October before the end of the year because One reason why I could go inactive Um, did you possibly pick up any other additional income somewhere along the line? Okay, so that's another reason why I could be inactive so I'm very curious on what happened and um That's what it's showing so we gotta get you on the phone with social security if you get that back started But that's definitely gonna have you eligible because Leslie looks like you did have Q and B So that's gonna make you eligible and I'll give you some Uh heads up because I noticed this is important So you'll be able to get access to $170 every month on a allowance card from well-care. It's called the well-care spendables And that's what you're gonna use for groceries utility bills and your household gas Could use some of that for rent because the bills the um allowance does roll over so if you happen to not want to use the When it refreshes in February, you'll keep that same $170 from January so it just stacks on top of each other Is that some? It doesn't make sense Okay, so we just gotta get you back with the Medicaid for that So right now Do you have a penny paper so we can write down some info? Okay So first is the social security number for florida do you have that all you need me to give it to you? All right, so it's 1-800 772 1-2 1-3 All righty and then that's anything uh Oh go ahead Well since you already applied I would say hey, what's the status on like like why is my Medicaid Deactivated because that's what's covering your copays and everything and you want to continue that because you did say You see a lot of specialists. I would hate for you to pay the 20 30 or 40 dollars that it may be When you go to the doctor Having only part a and part b that's only covered you up to 80% Now if that chart that doctor and self charge is a hundred dollars per appointment Then you'll be responsible for 20 bucks every time you get you got to see that doctor That's the money that you never pay before so while we will start paying now all right So that's one reason why it's very very important and to make sure you get your hands on that 170 dollars you always been entitled to Okay Um now next part is my number So when you call me back right now, we're still going to continue because you're still eligible for benefits like dental vision and hearing I would take down my callback number All right, and that's 844 981 and 1407 And um Actually, you may be able still to get this plan Oh Because it's a DSMP so probably not but we gotta get the Medicaid started but my extension is 42 21 Now ready So now We can do in the meantime is still get you hooked up with the other benefits such as dental vision and hearing Which one of those are important to you for this year like you can take advantage of Okay So here with this well-care no premium plan and it comes automatic with your part D So you don't got to worry about that. We just got to like I said get you new cards that they can run in their system Um this well-care no premium HMO comes with $5,000 and dental For the whole year So you can use it whenever you get ready to make that appointment to go see the dentist To get things like fillings dentures or bridge or a crown and a rucanol and that's all covered with the zero dollar member copet How does that sound for you? Absolutely. It sure does. I'm happy to see that for you too. Well in Florida we have pretty good coverage States like Florida California and Georgia. Oh man, they're they're also good All right now How's like your your transportation at the moment? Do you still drive? Oh, okay, I got you so that you you currently lose I can see I understand that's why that's always my next questions for everyone It's not one person that I get on the phone with that I don't ask about the transportation because I know Oldie you get you may have some things that could disqualify you from driving like what you're having is unfortunate But guess what we have protection for that as well So with this same plan you'll have coverage for transportation the way it works is when you get your well-care car It's going to be a number on the back So you'll never lose it and you want to call that two to three days ahead of your appointment So they can schedule you to the driver and the route and you'll have access to 24 Round trips to get to and from the doctor's appointment Okay You could use it for the pharmacy too. So it's all medical related. So you won't be able to like take it to You know the grocery store it's a party anything But you can still know that if you need to make it to an appointment You don't have to reschedule or you don't have to order an overall lift which costs you money out of pocket All right, are you keeping track with some of this information just in case? Nice all right So um those were the two most important benefits. You still will get a member allowance With ten gauge instead of 170 that's for the Medicaid So once we get the Medicaid is going to go up that high but for right now It's going to be $67 every month and you can use it for those same things All righty So let's verify those specialists before we go too far So I want to make sure that they are all in the network So who's your the specialist doctor? You're currently seeing Rodriguez You see it see Let me see I think I'm spelling Rodriguez wrong. I'm gonna go to Google. I'll actually spelled it right Rodriguez do you know his first name by any chance Call Okay, let me try and your biology right let me dial that down to your biology Always Raphael Oh, I've seen that. I don't have to do that then you go back and I'm going to confirm the street name to make sure this is him Absolutely I do see and he's in network so we can check off Rodriguez. I'm going to bring him to your notes And who else are you currently seeing? That's an interesting one She are I Let me see you know how to spell it All righty. Is it Sujay Travadi? Mulok. Let me see Dr Travadi OMAU LIK Okay LIK Okay on Bruce B. Downes He's in Wellsby Chapel so he's more on my area Gotcha, the one that get on 275 or anything drive all the way out here So yeah, he's in network two. Let me make sure no preview. Yep. Yep. So he's good to go Who else are we seeing? Yes, that is a specialist anyone that's not a primary care doctor where you get your annual checkups and referrals That's considered a specialist Okay, I'm gonna go to Google and use their number Florida and Relief on blood trip Parsons Like a doctor. Yeah Medina Sanchez Okay, yeah, that was much much easier and I was able to find them for 27 South Parsons All righty also in network so like your doctor's always been in network the whole time Okay, and who else we have that's one two three so far Stoke this you're gonna have to help me with that one too All righty And first name Maria She's a rheumatologist She's more south over here and riv over there and riv review All righty. She's also in network And now we're down to the primary care. We still have some specialists Take your time. I got as much time as you have You're allergy pain Okay, I can spell federic. I think F-E-D-E-R-I-C-K R-A-N. Okay So I don't get any results for him, but I'm gonna make sure I have the right spelling Federic. Oh, okay, so there's a B in there M-A-L-I-B-I-R I was put in the E there. That's probably myself. That was my fault Okay So not 10 Let me just take his whole name. I'm gonna take the phone number actually instead So it's 813 315 Okay, no results were found So he's at the town center boulevard in Brandon. So he's right there like is that the mall right? Okay Yeah, does let me try that and one three and then use it with the number E-E-R-I-C-K Okay, so what now I'm coming across is that he's not in network He probably just only accepts part A and part B that's probably why you're able to see him So how often do you see your primary care? Just for your annual checkups So let's see what's in the area And let me go back here 335-27. Okay I want to have it within five miles. So we can get one that's closer to where you are So you got to come back down 60 or if you take i4 and get off at that Brandon exit Let's you want to stay over there closer to plan city, right? Oval Rico Okay, so we have a Leslie Leslie kid on East state road 60 in Val Rico Let me see what's the name of the Is positions partners LLC You have a Joe first past that before VIP care It's um in a little plaza from what the pictures is telling me Leslie kid K-I-G-D. Oh, yes Oh, yes, she does definitely supposed it the other way to and it's L-E-S-L-I-E You It's gonna be a great bonding thing so when you guys meet hey Leslie. I'm Leslie Phone number 813 704 09 33 now What a coincidence right there All right, so we got the doctors out the way nice and quick So um now is to basically go over your prescription jugs and we'll be almost finished Do you have your medications with you All right P-R-E-G-A-B All right, and is it an extended release? Okay, so it must be a capsule All right, how many milligrams is it? All right, and what else we have for you? Blue F-L-L-L-L-U-V, that's how it starts Okay, is that an extended release? Okay 25 50 or 100 milligrams tablet Okay 90 Got it T-O-P-I-R Got it And All right H-Y-R-L-H-Y-D-R-O Drugs Is there an X after that right? Okay So they have two versions H-C-I, which is hydrochloratized, I think Nice Okay, and how many milligrams? Three times a day Oh, so that's four times a day, right? Okay, what else we have? All right Codone Is it the except the medicine or ibuprofen version? Okay You got it Okay I got it P-R-E-G N Oh, it's close You have to expose that one? Oh, it's N-I, I got it Pregnousone, what happens with it? Oh, it's P-R-E-D, I got you Hello? Hello Leslie? Hello? All right, I'm going to call you back If you care if Codone can't hear you

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Yes, I believe that I have well care and stuff came in the mail and went to my old address and I never received it and I think it had my new card and plan information in it. And so I'm missing that and now my prescription picking up my prescriptions, it says that my insurance is no longer valid so I don't I don't know what to do. Okay. Yeah, because I used to have silver script for my prescriptions but then it changed over I think to well care. My name is Leslie Stroop, F-P-R-O-U-P. Good. Give me one second. It is 1-G-X-1-R-P-3-K-Q-9-9. Yeah, R-P-3, which PO box? That's wrong. There's a different box now. Okay. I don't know. I don't know. I've never had the part C. I don't know what all it does or anything if it can help me more or not. I just I know that I like the insurance I have because I have no copays with my doctors because I see a lot of specialists so I'd like to keep it that way and like I don't have to pay for like my like when I go to the hospital because that happens a lot and stuff like that I don't have to. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Well I'm actually I'm actually in Dover right now so no I mean I'm in Florida but I just I moved down the road from Brandon to Dover. Yeah. It's my brand and it's just a little easy. It's going towards plant city. It's in between Brandon and plant city. Yeah. But my PO box my PO boxes and stuff. So did you did you need my my because my old Medicaid or a Medicaid card would stay well? Is that no longer valid either? Okay. Okay. Okay. PO box number is 6571. That's 7-33583. No. The zip code is 3527. Okay. That's the problem I'm having right now is the prescription drugs. It's saying I don't have coverage and some of them are at the close to $100 a piece and I can't I can't afford that. Okay. Okay. Okay. No. Okay. No. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yes, my boyfriend is, yeah, my boyfriend, he's my emergency contact and he has access to my medical records, I put him down for that. Yeah, he helps me with that, like if I'm not able to. Yeah, yeah, let me, yeah, yeah, because he helps me, yeah, he's right here. How you doing? Brian. Say, wife. Yep. All right, mine, mine, oh, it's an active, I reapplied in it, it's that it wasn't, it's that until November, I think of 2024 or something, months and months ago, yeah, no, I just have my disability, yes, okay, yeah, you can just give it to me, what am I supposed to do when I call them, what am I, what, what, what do I say with them, right, right, right, yeah, okay, okay, 42, 24, okay, the, the dental, the dental, all right, no, I, I don't drive because of my seizures, they took my license in 2016, so it, it, it, it, it is difficult sometimes to get to appointments, so, okay, okay, okay, yeah, I'm writing it down, okay, okay, I'm seeing, oh, he's a new one, I'm seeing him next week, he's a neurologist, Dr. Rodriguez, he's in Brandon, I want, I want to say Paul, Raphael, he's on North, 401 North Parsons Avenue, I don't know, sweet 105, Dr. Trabadi, TRI, yeah, TRI, V, E, D, I, it's Malak Trabadi, yeah, I do tell a, I do tell a visits with him, I don't go to the office, yeah, this pain management is that a specialist, all right, let me, let me hold on, I'm going to make sure I got the right name, I'm going to do, it's, it's court of pain relief group, I don't know if you want to, no, on Parsons, I don't know, I don't know if you want the provider's name, if that makes it easier, yeah, it's Dr. Jose Medina Sanchez, yeah, I have Dr. Scopus, SK, O, P, I, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, nice, I'm trying to think who else I go to, my brain's not working, okay, I got neurology, I got rheumatology, I got the pain, I got, okay, that's it, yeah, I think that's it, and my primary, it's Dr. Frederick, Malibranon, yeah, and it's M-A-L-I-B-I-R-I, okay, M-A-L-I-B-I-R-A-N, yeah, yeah, that's right by the mall, it's Florida Medical Clinic, I don't know if that helps, not very often, not very often, and I don't mind changing primaries if needed, so, yeah, Valrico area would be, would be Dr's name, how do you spell Leslie, because it's spelled different ways, because that's my name, so he's spelled it differently, I-E, okay, hey, what's their phone number? Okay, yeah, I wouldn't mind switching, so, and I'd like prefer a female anyway, so that would be, yeah, that'd be good, yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, get ready and prepared, all right, let's start with pre-gablin, yeah, I don't think it's so just regular, yeah, it's a capsule, 100 milligrams, and it's 90 until a month, I take it three times a day, blue voxamine, yep, yep, no, 100 milligrams tablets, and I get 90 of them, because I take it three times a day, so Pyramate, and that's 50 milligrams, and I take that three times a day, so 90 pills, I've got hydroxazine, yeah, yep, yep, I got the HCI, 50 milligrams, and it's 120 tablets a month, yeah, I'm going out the next bottle now, I've got a big medicine bag, I can't see nothing, it's dark in here, hold on, oh, I've got hydrocodone, hydrocodone, see the medicine, 10, the 10, 325, and I get 120, prednisone, yeah, pee,