Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hi, thank you for calling wall care. My name is Mercedes. How can I help you? Yes, can I have your name and your date of birth and your zip code? Got it. Okay, ma'am and right now are you on Medicare and Medicaid or just Medicare? Just Medicare. Okay Got you and What benefits for you like specifically like interested in that you know that you've seen this yet? Mm-hmm. Okay, no problem. I can just pull up everything that we have and go over it with you. So before I do begin there is just a brief recording message that Medicare requires that we play before we you know start talking about plans. So I'm going to play that recording and then I'll come right back on the line. Okay? All right, here it goes. Wednesday, January, 10th, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO and PFFS organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-9780-969 or emailing us at privacy at hpon.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare Supplements, Prescription Drug Plans, Dental, Vision or any Ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. Okay, so that was in the recording. Do you understand and agree? Okay, so I do want to make sure your doctor is covered. Do you have a doctor that you want to make sure is on well care as well? Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay, all right. And then how about your pharmacy? What pharmacy are you using right now? Legacy, okay, okay. All right. And then what prescriptions are you taking at the moment? Okay, yeah, how many milligrams? Yes, okay. Do you take the generic pregnant blend instead or okay, can you slow that one for me? Okay, you said 75 milligrams and how many times a day? Okay, okay. All right, okay, okay. Okay, Symbolta 60 milligrams. You said how many times are there twice a day? Okay, one moment. Is the Symbolta, is it the delayed release? Okay, and you said how many milligrams? 60. Got it. Okay, I'm sorry, you could go ahead with the next one. Do you take the generic for the Symbolta, the deluxe, the teen? Okay, got it. Okay, okay. How many milligrams? For the, okay, okay. Yeah, the inhaler. Okay. Okay, got it. And do you use the generic for the Symbolcourt, or just the Symbolcourt? Okay. And do you get any extra help for your prescriptions through Medicare at all? Your premium? Well, yeah, I could check for you. What's here? Do you have your Medicare number? Just like I make sure that your meds, like how much they would be, because I don't want to tell you a price, but if you get the extra help, then yeah, okay, okay, one moment. See? Okay, yeah, I got you pulled up. You do get the extra help. And then let me check and see if you got Medicaid if that went through. You said you just applied for that recently. Okay, let me see if it showing up. Yeah, I can take up to that amount. Okay, yeah, your Medicaid is not showing up yet. So just probably give it a few days, but you do still get the extra help. So nothing changed with that. So you'll still have that on your plan. So with the wild care plan that we have that you qualify for, it will be our wild care no premium HMO plan with this plan. Of course, it wouldn't cost you anything. All of your prescriptions are covered at no cost for you. The only ones that you have at the extra help cost share for looks like the Jim Tessa. That one, but all the and the symbol court, you don't have a small cost for that one. All of the other ones are showing a zero. And then on this plan, you will get $5,000 for dental. So that includes cleanings, x-rays, oil exams for right treatment, fillings, dentures, bridge crowns, and root canals. It does come with the free fitness membership at no cost. Zero for your primary care doctor visits, zero for your specialist visits. Any lab services will be covered at zero. For transportation, it gives us 36 trips every year. You'll get up to $400 for glasses, contact lenses, and frames per year. Preventative care is offered at no cost as well, like your annualness visit or your mammogram. And then for over the counter, there is a benefit amount that you'll get and it's $78 every month and it does roll over to the following month. So if you don't use it one month, it will go over to the next month. Yeah. Yes. Okay. No problem. And what is your doctor's name? Yeah, the primary care. The WYNN. Do you know the first thing? Yeah, lab services are covered at zero. X-rays are zero. Like if it's an MRI, let me see how much it will be for those. Yeah, that's covered. So any like, let me see how much the X-rays. Yeah, so an X-ray would be up to a $15 copay for the chest X-ray, yeah. But if it's a mammogram, there is no cost. Okay. Does she work under another doctor that it may be under? Because she's not showing as a primary care. So she may work underneath the doctor. Okay. Okay. So let me see who the doctor it will be. Because she isn't our network, it's just that she can't be on your card as like your primary care because she's not showing as like a primary care doctor. Normally when that happens, they're working underneath a doctor that may be on your card, but you may see it hurt, you know, when you go. Let me see if I can find the doctor that she's under. No problem. I'm looking too. So just no problem. You said C-R-E-A. Okay, I found a doctor Robin Kramer. Yeah, that's the doctor. Yep, that's the doctor. Okay. All right. So I'm going to start the application with you. I just have to put in this information. Just give me one second. And it will begin on the first of next month. Okay, so just give me one second. All right, man. So we're going to start the application. So I'm going to ask you some questions that I've already asked you, but I have to just ask again for the purpose of the enrollment. So can you just tell me the spelling of your first and your last name? Okay. And your telephone number beginning with your area code. Got it. And do you have an email address you want to provide? All right. And do you prefer to be contacted by a phone, text, or email? Okay. All right. And by opt-in, you are green to receive text messages from us for benefit overviews, welcome text, and regular plan outreach. And you can opt out at any time. And please know that by providing your email address, you are green to receive emails from us. And we will give you the opportunity to opt-in. And then of course, you can always opt out at any time. Okay? All right. And your address. Got it. And do you have an emergency contact you want to add? Okay. And her phone number? Okay. And her relationship to you? Okay. And then I do have your primary care on here. It's just asking for that. And then you do have to have part A and part B to join this plan. And we dig in your numbers. I did come from that already. And typically you can enroll in the Medicare Advantage Plan only during the annual election period from October 15th through December 7th of each year. There are exceptions called special election periods that allow you to enroll in the Medicare Advantage Plan outside of this period. So you are enrolling because it's the open enrollment period. Do you have other prescription drug coverage like VA benefits or try care benefits? And then you said you don't have Medicaid yet. Okay. All right. And this is just the last step. I just have to play this last recording. It's just about the disclosures about the plan. So let me play this. And then we'll be done if you agree. Okay. All right. Let me play it now. Well care is a Medicare Advantage Plan and has a contract with the federal government. I will need to keep my Medicare part say in B. I can only be in one Medicare Advantage Plan at a time. And I understand that my enrollment in this plan will automatically end my enrollment in another Medicare health plan. It is my responsibility to inform you of any prescription drug coverage that I have or may get in the future. Enrollment in this plan is generally for the entire year. Once I enroll, I may leave this plan or make changes only at certain times of the year, if an enrollment period is available, example, annual enrollment period from October 15th, December 7th, or under certain special circumstances. Well care serves a specific service area. If I move out of the area that well care serves, I need to notify the plan so I can disenroll and find a new plan in my new area. Once I am a member of well care, I have the right to appeal plan decisions about payment or services if I disagree. I will read the evidence of coverage document from well care. When I get it to know which rules, I must follow to get coverage with this Medicare Advantage Plan. I understand that people with Medicare aren't usually covered under Medicare while out of the country, except for limited coverage near the US border. I understand that beginning on the date well care coverage begins. I must get all of my health care from well care, except for emergency or urgently needed services or out of area dialysis services. Services authorized by well care and other services contained in my well care evidence of coverage document, also known as a member contractor subscriber agreement, will be covered. Without authorization, neither Medicare nor well care will pay for the services. I understand that if I am getting assistance from a sales agent, broker or other individual employed by or contracted with well care, he or she may be paid based on my enrollment in well care dot release of information. By joining this Medicare health plan, I acknowledge that the Medicare health plan will release my information to Medicare and other plans, as is necessary for treatment, payment and health care operations. I also acknowledge that well care will release my information including my prescription drug event data to Medicare, who may release it for research and other purposes which follow all applicable federal statutes and regulations. The information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of my knowledge. I understand that if I intentionally provide false information on this form, I will be disenrolled from the plan. I understand that my signature, or the signature of the person authorized to act on my behalf under the laws of the state where I live, on this application, means that I have read and understand the contents of this application. If signed by an authorized individual, as described above, this signature certifies that, one, this person is authorized to understate law to complete this enrollment, and two, documentation of this authority is available upon request from Medicare. Okay, so that was the end of the recording, ma'am, do you understand and agree? Okay, so I do have a confirmation number for you, just give me one moment. All right, just let me know whenever you're ready for that. All right, it's 402-100-266. Okay, and I will email that to you as well and email you my phone number, just in case if you have any questions. And then if you do get your Medicaid, you can always call me back because once you get Medicaid, we do have plans that give you the grocery and utility benefit, so if you get the approval for that, we can upgrade you to the higher plan. Okay? All right, and then there's yeah, there's just one last step, ma'am, I expect to get you to my verification team. They're just going to verify some information with you and then you'll be done, okay? Did you have any questions for me before I go? All right, thank you so much. It's all one moment, okay? Thank you. Good afternoon, my name is Alan, part of the customer care team here at Clique Wilker. The advice that this call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. Today we will be confirming your enrollment into the Wilker No Premium HMO. This plan officially begins on February 1, 2024. Is that correct? And I also want to confirm that you already have your agent's direct contact information. Do you already have the phone number and the extension for Miss Mercedes Roberts? Okay, I can go ahead and provide that towards you. Now, do you have any questions regarding the enrollment? Okay. Now, did you guys get to go over your medications and your doctors? Now, we'd like to ensure that we have your permission to call in case there's any needed follow-up. By saying yes, you will gain consent for a company to contact you via phone calls, voicemails, and or text messages. Thank you. That may contain information about our products and services. We may use an auto-dalar and or pre-recorded message and you're not required to consent to make a purchase. You are agreeing to receive these communications at this number, even if the numbers and I do not call this program. Thank you. All right. So, what does that mean? Okay, so now the I am ready to give you that phone number from Miss Roberts. The agent you're speaking with, correct. Phone number will be 844-981-1407, extension 1948. Perfect. I just wanted to thank you again for being so pleasant and thorough. We finalized everything right here. Do you have any questions? Call Miss Roberts for us. Otherwise, you have yourself a beautiful blessed day for me and take care of there. God bless and bye-bye. Of course, we can definitely give us some kudos, but thank you again for those kind words. They go a long way. Thank you. Perfect. Have a beautiful day now. Bye-bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Yes, I wanted to check, I have United Health Care Insurance, and I am looking, I wanted to see what you have to offer. My daughter has well-care, and I was looking at her booklet that she got, and she had a really good plan, so I wanted to check to see what you could offer me. Pollack Johnson, 914-1948, 328-25, I am just Medicare, well, co-pays for specialists, and for medicine, okay, all right, okay. Yes, yes, uh-huh, but I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, they are, because my daughter has the same doctor that I do, so I know that, yeah, yeah. Legacy pharmacy, and she does, too, yeah, oh gosh, um, let me, um, hold on, okay, I'm going to put it in, I got a list, okay, I, um, take Trasadone, you know the, do you need the prescription of the milligram and all that, okay, it's 100 milligrams at bedtime, okay, Lyrica, 100 milligrams, I take it two times a day, okay, Jim, yes, yes, I take the, yeah, and then Jim Tessa, 75 milligrams, I take one a day, okay, as G, E, M, P, E, S, A, yes, once, I take it at night, okay, Panta plays all, 40 milligrams, and I take that one today, Januvia, and that is J-A-N-U-V-I-A, 100 milligrams, once a day, uh, Rapinarol, four milligrams, and I take it once a day, um, a tour of a statin, 40 milligrams every other day, Symbolca, 60 milligrams, twice a day, uh-huh, twice, yes, twice a day, twice a day, okay, and then, uh, Symbacord inhaler, I take it twice a day, yes, 60, yeah, yeah, that's all right, yes, uh-huh, yes, okay, and, um, oh gosh, she has this other down, but I don't see if she doesn't have a milligram, my daughter takes care of my meds, um, it's D-O-N-E-P-E-D, I-L, okay, and then the Symbacord, well, she doesn't have it written down there, so I don't know, and I don't know how many times a day I take it, okay, and the Symbacord, did you get that, in inhaler? Yeah, yeah, that's twice a day, and that's it, that's enough, I use the generic, well, I have applied, um, I have applied for, um, let me think, I have applied for medicare, because I used to have, when I lived in Tennessee, I've only been here for a year, when I was in Tennessee, the state of Tennessee paid my, um, oh, yeah, yeah, they paid the premium, and, um, and then I did get extra help, then, yeah, I don't know, if that has anything to do with what I just applied for, I don't know, oh, yeah, yeah, hold on, let me find it, okay, my medicare, number is seven, T is in Tom, nine, four, R is in Ronald, one, nine, N, W, nine, four, okay, yeah, yeah, it's been a couple weeks, I think they said it takes like 45 days, yeah, okay, okay, uh-huh, okay, yeah, my United Health, I only get 40, but over the counter, and it doesn't, I get 40 every quarter, and, um, it doesn't roll over, and if you don't use it, you lose it, yeah, so this sounds great to me, it's almost like what she has, but my daughter has, um, yeah, I want to change things, yeah, you mean my primary, a doctor, when is W-Y-N-N, I think, oh, Brianna, I think, hold on, let me run down scary, I think, get those papers, I would feel this morning, what about X-rays, are they covered, but like a chest X-ray is that covered? Okay, okay, okay, all right, the doctor's first name is Brianna, E-R-I-A-N-N-A, last name is W-Y-N-N-E, um, well, she, okay, well, I go to, um, add that health medical group, see your health at Winter Park, so sometimes I have a different doctor, but she, I think, okay, I don't, um, oh, oh, okay, um, oh, um, yes, yes, I know, I know, um, yeah, let me, I think I know what you need, hold on, we're going downstairs, all right, all right, who's, that's Hoppy here, who's, um, let's see, let me look back here, it's Dr. Kramer, C-R-E-A-N-E-R-E-A-N-E-R, like Kramer, but it's Kramer, yeah, okay, that will be fine. Okay, okay, S-P-A-U-L-E-P-T-E, J-O-H-N-S-O-N, 407-455-2039. Um, it's Paulette.1948 at hotmail.com. Um, text, okay, um, 1180, Shamboard, that's C-H-A-M-B-S-M-Boy, O-R-D, Port, and that's Orlando, Florida, 32825. Um, Carolyn Wells, C-H-E-R-I-L-Y-N-W-E-L-L-S. Of course, let me take 407-446-2, as you can see, oh gosh, um, gosh, um, I can't think of what her phone number is, it's in my phone, you know, um, 2245, that's it. She's my daughter, okay, okay, yeah, uh-uh, no, yeah, okay. Yes, okay, okay, I'm ready. 402, uh-huh, 100, yes, 266, okay. Okay, okay, all right, that sounds good. No, I don't think so, okay. Yes, uh-huh, not yet, no. I don't believe so. Yes, uh-huh. Yes, uh-huh. Yes. Yes, okay, Ms. Roberts is that who I've been talking to. Yes, okay. Ms. Roberts. Okay, eight, four, four, okay. Okay, one, four, zero, seven, okay. One, nine, four, eight, okay. Thank you, and yes, God bless you too. And Ms. Roberts, I want to put in a good word for her. Of course, she was very thorough. And just told me everything. So, um, she's good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, okay. Bye. You too. Bye.