Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hello Matthew Perfect I have the enrollment here pulled up again. The name of the plans to well-care mutual of omahalo premium It is a $19 premium plan It does come with drug coverage you do not have Medicaid Right and you do make your own medical health decisions correct So please know our call will be recorded for quality and training purposes We do not offer every plan available in your area currently we represent nine organizations Which offer 58 products please contact medicare.gov 800 Medicare or your local state health insurance program to get information on your options And I do just have to confirm that you're okay with the call being recorded Okay, if you could could you please confirm your first name middle initial and last name for me and your date of birth Perfect So for this application we will ask you questions to process your application I will cover the plan requirements and review the pre-enrollment checklist the summary of benefits and answer any questions you may have The pre-enrollment checklist can also be reviewed on the well-care website Now a fact on your current coverage your current health care coverage will end once your new Medicare coverage starts So for example If you're in a tricare or Medicare plan you will no longer see benefits from that plan once your new coverage starts. So February 1st you will be using the well-care mutual of omahalo yep But at the end of the application we will confirm the accuracy of your answers, which will be recorded Please confirm that you can send by saying yes Your response to the form is voluntary however failure to respond may affect enrollment in the plan We do have a language interpreter to get a language interpreter give us a call at 800 633 4227 This is a free service. I'm gonna assume though. We would like to continue in English today Okay You were not required to provide any health related information unless this information is needed to determine your eligibility to enroll in the plan if you choose not to provide There requested health information you may not be able to enroll Now we do comply with the applicable federal civil rights laws and do not discriminate on the basis of race color national origin age disability or sex Before making an enrollment decision is important that you understand the plan benefits based on what we have discussed Please confirm you would like to enroll in the well-care mutual of omahalo premium PPO with an effective date of February 1st 2024 and a plan premium of 19 dollars is that correct? I am confirming if you're in an existing plan you want to switch from your current plan into this plan is that correct If you are ready to enroll we will fill out the application and process your signature once we complete this Okay, let's we complete the signature. I I will give you an application number for reference you can expect the materials in the mail and the next seven to 10 days and you said you are ready to enroll So I know I have your Medicare information for last time But I do have to ask for you to confirm it with me just to be compliant with the application. So could you please confirm your Medicare number? Perfect and then right underneath that it should have one your part a and part B one effective Perfect Few more things here just your date of birth one more time your agenda and then best telephone number Awesome And then best email for you. I have is you D. Dan at live.com All right, yeah So you said ddjc pervis at Yahoo dot com All right, and then if you could could you please confirm if you're addressed for me. So street address city state zip code and county and That's Camden County Is there a different mailing address? I should know. Yeah, what is your P.O. Box? And you said P.O. Box 3529 correct Okay Next two questions I have to ask your responses optional. What are you of the Hispanic Latino or Spanish origin? Next one is what is your race? Okay Would you like to receive your plan information in a different language or form? Apicides English? Okay, will you have other prescription drug coverage in addition to this plan? Meaning do you have private prescription drug coverage? Yes, so that's going to be discontinued once you enroll in this so February 1st you'll no longer have that signal plan So this is asking like do you have like VA benefits or do you pay for a private issue? Okay, are are you currently a resident in a long-term care facility such as a nursing home? Okay You do not have state Medicaid Will you be working or employed once you have enrolled in the plan? okay And then once enrolled will you have other medical health coverage where you are the subscriber or covered as a dependent? Meaning do you have private health insurance outside of Medicare? Okay, so I do have to read this next piece. It does not apply to you if you must pay a Part D income related monthly adjustment amount you will be required to pay this extra amount in addition to your plan premium The amount is usually taken out of your social security benefit or you may get a bill from Medicare Now you must continue to pay your part A and or part B premium of Medicare if applicable We will not collect any premium at this time, but we do need to know how you would like to pay a premium You can either pay so this is how you're going to pay the $19 so you can either pay via automatic deduction from social security or they can Mail you a bill essentially and you would write a check Okay, so you would like direct bill Okay, this next piece does not apply to you. I have to read it Please note if you have extra help and are enrolling in a plan with drug coverage You may experience a change in premium or copay if your extra help levels change So you don't have extra help so you don't have to worry about that Now I just have to play a quick recording for you and then afterwards we'll go ahead and wrap everything up Should start playing any moment Well care is a Medicare Advantage plan and has a contract with the federal government I will need to keep my Medicare parts A and B. I can only be in one Medicare Advantage plan at a time And I understand that my enrollment in this plan will automatically end my enrollment in another Medicare health plan It is my responsibility to inform you of any prescription drug coverage that I have or may get in the future Enrollment in this plan is generally for the entire year Once I enroll I may leave this plan or make changes only at certain times of the year if an enrollment period is available Example annual enrollment period from October 15, December 7 or under certain special circumstances Well care serves a specific service area. If I move out of the area that well care serves I need to notify the plan so I can disenroll and find a new plan in my new area Once I am a member of well care I have the right to appeal plan decisions about payment or services if I disagree I will read the evidence of coverage document from well care when I get it to know which rules I must follow to get coverage with this Medicare Advantage plan I understand that people with Medicare aren't usually covered under Medicare while out of the country Except for limited coverage near the US border I understand that beginning on the date well care coverage begins I must get all of my health care from well care Except for emergency or urgently needed services or out of area dialysis services Services authorized by well care and other services contained in my well care evidence of coverage document Also known as a member contractor subscriber agreement will be covered Without authorization neither Medicare nor well care will pay for the services I understand that if I am getting assistance from a sales agent broker or other individual employed by are contracted with well care Here she may be paid based on my enrollment in well care dot release of information By joining this Medicare health plan I acknowledge that the Medicare health plan will release my information to Medicare and other plans As is necessary for treatment, payment, and health care operations I also acknowledge that well care will release my information including my prescription drug event data to Medicare Who may release it for research and other purposes which follow all applicable federal statutes and regulations The information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of my knowledge I understand that if I intentionally provide false information on this form, I will be disenrolled from the plan I understand that my signature or the signature of the person authorized to act on my behalf under the laws of the state where I live On this application means that I have read and understand the contents of this application If signed by an authorized individual as described above this signature certifies that One, this person is authorized under state law to complete this enrollment and two documentation of this authority is available upon request for Medicare All right, so we are almost through here Do you understand and agree to the statements we have reviewed in the call including your intention to enroll in the plan? Do you understand that you are enrolling in the well care mutual of Omaha low premium open PPO for a monthly premium of no more than 19 dollars And the plans proposed effective date is February 1st, 2020 for Lastly today is January 1st, 2024 to confirm your application and acknowledge the information on the enrollment is correct to the best of your knowledge And to enroll you in the well care well care mutual of Omaha low premium open PPO Please state your full name in today's date Perfect So that is going to complete the enrollment Do you have a pen and paper available to you? I do just want to give you your confirmation number here Whenever you're ready, you let me know It's going to be H like hotel T like Peter T like Thomas 10479 17 So you should get everything in the mail in the next 7 to 10 days Um, I guess do you have any questions I can answer for you about it Bear with me now because I'm going to pull up your husband's profile Um, and I can pretty much do everything with you. It's just at the end. He would have to verbally sign Okay, perfect How are you sir? All right, so we're going to put you um in the same plan as your wife correct Do you have any questions about it? I can answer for it for you. You have a pretty good idea of the plan Bear with me a moment And do you make your own medical health decision sir? Perfect Okay, awesome. So please know our call will be recorded for quality and training purposes We do not offer every available plan in your area Currently, we represent nine organizations which offer 50 new products Please contact medicare.gov, a Area local state health insurance program to get information on all your options And I just have to confirm we do it all being recorded correct Oh If you could could you please confirm your first name middle initial and last name for me sir And then your data birth So for this application we will ask questions to process your application I will cover the plan requirements and review the pre-enrollment checklist to summary of benefits And answer any questions you have the pre-enrollment checklist can also be reviewed on the website Now a fact on your current coverage your current health care coverage will end once your new coverage starts So for example If you're in a tri-care medicare plan, you will no longer receive benefits from that plan once your new coverage starts So it's just stating February 1st you'll only be in the the well care plan At the end of the application We will ask you to confirm the accuracy of your answers which will be recorded Please confirm that you consent by saying yes Your response to this form is voluntary However failure to respond may affect enrollment in the plan We do have a language interpreter to get a language interpreter call a set 800 six three three four two two seven I'm going to assume that we're going to continue in English today You're not required to provide any health related information unless this information is needed to Be used to determine your eligibility to enroll if you choose not to provide the requested health information You may not be able to enroll Now we do comply with the applicable federal civil rights laws and do not discriminate on the basis of race color national origin age disability or sex Now before making an enrollment decision It is important that you understand the plan benefits based on what we have discussed Please confirm you would like to enroll in the well care mutual of Omaha low premium open ppo effective date is February 1st 2024 and a plan premium of 19 dollars is that correct I'm confirming if you're in an existing plan you would like to switch from your current plan into this plan is that correct If you're ready to enroll will fill out the application and process your signature once we complete the signature I will give you an application number for reference You can expect the materials in the mail and the next seven to ten days are you ready to enroll now Okay So again, I know I already have your Medicare number. I do just need you to confirm it for me though Perfect and right underneath that it should have on your part A and part B one effective Perfect Then just your date of birth gender and best telephone number and then could you please confirm Your address so street address city state zip code in county And then is there a different mailing address you would like to know do you want to use the P.O. Box as well Okay, and what was that P.O. Box one more time Perfect All right next to questions I have to ask your responses optional are you of the Hispanic Latino or Spanish origin Next one is what is your race and I believe you said Caucasian on Okay, would you like to receive your plan information in a different language or form apacid English Okay, well, you have other prescription drug coverage in addition to this plans. You have private prescription drug coverage Okay, are you a resident in a long-term care facility such as a nursing home? You do not have Medicaid now will you be working once you have enrolled in this plan um, you manage properties correct That's what you were said, okay Once enrolled will you have other medical health coverage where you are the subscriber covered as a spouser dependant So do you have private health insurance? I do have to read this piece again if you must pay a part D income related monthly adjustment amount You will be required to pay this extra amount in addition to your plan premium This amount is usually taken out of your social security benefit or you may get a bill from Medicare don't pay You must continue to pay your part A and or part B premium of Medicare if applicable And the way that you wife set up the the premium payment is coupon book or Essentially a check do you want me to continue and do yours the same way? Okay Please note if you have extra help and are rolling in a plan with drug coverage You may experience a change in premium or copay if your extra help levels change You do not have extra help so that does not apply And I do just have to play you a quick recording and then we'll wrap everything up afterwards Well care is a Medicare Advantage plan and has a contract with the federal government I will need to keep my Medicare parts A and B I can only be in one Medicare Advantage plan at a time And I understand that my enrollment in this plan will automatically end my enrollment in another Medicare health plan It is my responsibility to inform you of any prescription drug coverage that I have or may get in the future Enrollment in this plan is generally for the entire year Once I enroll I may leave this plan or make changes only at certain times of the year If an enrollment period is available example Annual enrollment period from October 15, December 7 or under certain special circumstances Well care serves a specific service area If I move out of the area that well care serves I need to notify the plan so I can disenroll and find a new plan in my new area Once I am a member of well care I have the right to appeal plan decisions about payment or services if I disagree I will read the evidence of coverage document from well care when I get it to know which rules I must follow to get coverage with this Medicare Advantage plan I understand that people with Medicare are usually covered under Medicare while out of the country Except for limited coverage near the US border. I understand that beginning on the date well care coverage begins I must get all of my health care from well care except for emergency or urgently needed services or out of area dialysis services Services authorized by well care and other services contained in my well care evidence of coverage document Also known as a member contractor subscriber agreement will be covered Without authorization neither Medicare nor well care will pay for the services I understand that if I am getting assistance from a sales agent broker or other individual employed by or contracted with well care He or she may be paid based on my enrollment in well care dot release of information By joining this Medicare health plan I acknowledge that the Medicare health plan will release my information to Medicare and other plans As is necessary for treatment, payment and health care operations I also acknowledge that well care will release my information including my prescription drug event data to Medicare Who may release it for research and other purposes which follow all applicable federal statutes and regulations The information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of my knowledge I understand that if I intentionally provide false information on this form I will be disenrolled from the plan I understand that my signature or the signature of the person authorized to act on my behalf under the laws of the state where I live On this application means that I have read and understand the contents of this application If signed by an authorized individual as described above this signature certifies that One, this person is authorized under state law to complete this enrollment and two documentation of this authority is available upon request from Medicare All right, sir. We're almost through here Oh Do you understand and agree to the statements we have reviewed in the call including your intention to enroll in the plan? Do you understand you're enrolling in the well care mutual of Omaha low premium open PPO with the plan premium Of 19 dollars and the proposed effective date is February 1st, 2024 Lastly today is January 12th 2024 to confirm your application and acknowledge the information on the enrollment is correct to the best of your knowledge Into enroll you in the well care well care mutual of Omaha low premium open PPO. Please state your full name in today's date Perfect, so that is going to complete your enrollment. I do have your application ID number as well if you have a pen and paper. I would like to write it down Okay, it's going to be H like hotel P like Peter T like Thomas 104 799 34 And the last thing I have to do for you both is just transfer you to my verification department They just essentially make sure you wanted to enroll But before I do that any questions for me Well, give me one moment. I'll get you transferred over Good afternoon My name is Elitio Williams and I'm part of the current mesh customer care team This car will be recorded for quality and training purposes So today, welcome from your involvement side the worker mood of Omaha low premium open plan with the start The effort refers to 2024 is the correct Okay, so I confirm that you have mr. Matthew follow up an extension as he would be a Medicare advisor moving forward Yes, I can't even see her So we like to ensure that we have permission to call if there's any to follow up and by saying yes Confirm that you agree and consent by a company to contact you with phone calls voice mail from text messages Containing information about our products and services We may use an auto dollar or people call the message for these communications And I require to consent to make a purchase you all go into the city's communication at this number Even the number is going to not call this So these would be called to make sure she did we see your welcome letter and your ID call from well-curred to the mail And to make sure everything's going to go with your plan. So this mission to give you a call for that Man, okay, we see her then we want a moment And also did you go over your medication here at doctor's with mr. Matthew Did you go over your medications here at doctor's with mr. Matthew the extra bottom? Yes, okay, let me see here give me one moment Okay, so thank you for allowing for mr. Medica to help you with your Medicare benefits And then I hesitate to reach out to mr. Matthew if you have an additional questions about your plan So thank you for calling and you enjoyed us today, okay You're welcome. You're welcome. Bye bye

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Yeah, this is Mrs. Purvis, okay, no, yes, yes, I am Julia C. Purvis, 8, 5, 9, 9, 4, 5, okay, okay, February 1, yeah, okay. Yes, yes, yes, yes, I'm ready for all. Yes, I am. My Medicare number is 3, G, 6, 2, F, G, 9, F, 9, excuse me, F, 9, oh my gosh. Excuse me again, F, N, 9, 5, 8, 1, 2010, 8, 5, 1945. My gender is female. My phone number is 5, 7, 3, 3, 4, 6, 3, 2, 7, 4. Well, no mine is, I have a different one than my husband, so mine is D as in dog, D as in dog, J, C, Purvis at Yahoo.com. Yes. All right, my address is 57 West, Lakeview Acres Road, Camdenton, Missouri, 6502, 0, Descendant County. Well, I do have a PO box. Do you need it? 35, 29, Camdenton, Missouri, 6502, 0, dash, 39. 39, 2, 5, what is it, Dan? 39, 25, yeah. Yeah, no. White, no. Well, I have a, they tell me, the signal they tell me, okay. Oh, no. I don't. No. No. Well, we're managers of some real estate. No. I normally do write a check. Yes. Okay. All righty. Okay. Yes. Yes, I do. My full name is Julia C Purvis. Today's date is 1, 12, 24. I'm ready. Okay. Okay. All righty. Okay. All righty. No, I don't. Okay. He's here. Dan? Yeah. Fine. Yes. I kind of a pretty good idea. Yes. Do I D Purvis 8, 30, 19, 44? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay. It's 2K, D2, F, 9, 4, N, T, 8, 5, 8, 1, 2009, 8, 30, 19, 44, best phone numbers, 57, 3, 3, 4, 6, 3, 27, 4, and white occasion. Yeah. It's 57, West, Lakeview Acres Road, Camdenton, Missouri, 65020, Camden, Camden. Yeah. You can use the billbox. That's fine. CO Box 35, 29, Camden, Missouri, 65020. No. Fine. Yes. No. No. Yes. No. Okay. Okay. Yes. It's right service. 1, 12, 24. Yeah. Go ahead. Yeah. We got it. All right. I don't play so. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. I'm sorry. What? Yes. Yes. All right. Thank you.