Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling Clear Management here. This is Christopher. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with? Yes sir, it popped up on my system so I went ahead and answered it. Now we're going to go ahead and get everything started here for your enrollment. Let's see here. All right. Let's see. All right, so make sure we have this checked off. I have to check off some boxes real quick and we'll get everything started. No sir, no sir. Only thing you'll need to name again is your primary care doctor and that prescription drug plans. I'm going to ask you some questions that sound pretty repetitive but we have to ask for the application. Yes sir, we only have to list the primary care in this situation. Let's see. No. All right. All right. So please know our call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. We did not offer every plan in your area. Currently we represent seven organizations which offer 61 products in your area. Please contact medicare.gov, 1-800-Medicare or your local state health insurance program to get information on all of your options. All right. Now please verify the spelling of your first and last name. All right. Awesome. Now please verify your date of birth. All right. Oh wow. Let's see. All right. Thank you for verifying that information. Now for this application, we will ask questions to process your application. I will cover the plan requirements. Review the pre-enrollment checklist and the summary of benefits and answer any questions you may have. The pre-enrollment checklist can also be reviewed on well care website. Effect on current coverage. Your current health care covers will in once your new medicare cover starts. For example, if you are in try care or a medicare plan, you will no longer receive benefits from that plan once your new coverage starts. At the end of the application, we will ask you to confirm the accuracy of your answers, which will be recorded. Please confirm that you consent by saying yes. Awesome. All right. All right. Let's see. Now your response to this form is voluntary. However, failure to respond may affect your enrollment in the plan. We have free interpreter services to answer any questions you may have about this health or drug plan. To get an interpreter, just call us at 1-800-633-4227-TTY711. This is a free service. The following languages included are Spanish, Chinese, Tagalog, French, Vietnamese, German, Korean, Russian, Arabic, Italian, Portuguese, French, Crio, Polish, Hindi, Gujarati, Thai and Japanese. Someone who speaks those languages can help you. You are not required to provide health related information unless this information is needed to determine your eligibility to enroll in the plan. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in the plan. We comply with applicable federal civil rights laws and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or six. Before making an enrollment decision, it is important that you fully understand the plan's benefits and rules. Based on what we have discussed, please confirm that you would like enroll in well-cared, no premium, H407-301-HMO with an effective date of $2-1-2024 and a plan premium of $0.00. Is that correct? The part B premium that you'll still pay the part B premium, but this plan is still going to be $0.00. I'm confirming that if you are an existing plan, you want to switch from your current plan into this plan. Is that correct? Got you. All right. If you are ready to enroll, then we will fill out the application and process your signature. Once we complete the signature, I will give you the application number for reference. Tell you when to expect materials in the mail and provide you with the customer service number for your reference. Are you ready to enroll now? Awesome. Okay. All right. Now, we will proceed with completing the application. Would you please provide the following? The middle initial as it appears on your Medicare card. All right. And your Medicare beneficiary identification number. Yes, sir. Awesome. All right. And your date of birth. Awesome. And what is the part A and part B effective dates from the Medicare card? Part B began on January 1st, 2022. Because it's showing on your card, does it say January 1st? Does it say February 1st, 2017? Because that's what I'm seeing in my system. February 1st, 2017 is what it says when we look up your Medicare part B and A. Okay. Got you. And what is your sex, your gender? All right. And your telephone number? Four, six. And is this a mobile phone? All right. So is there an alternate number? Telephone number you would like to provide? All right. Got you. All right. And let's see. Now, would you like to provide an email address so the plan can send your health information? All right. Now, by giving me your email address, you give express permission and will receive all of your plan materials and communication via email including your monthly bill. If you do not provide an email address, you will continue to receive this information, USPS mail. All right. Now, your county of residents. What's that county? Okay. All right. And your permanent resident street address? Hang on. Hang on just a second. I'll get there in a second. Now, you said that it's Bear Creek North. Bear Creek City, Bear Creek North Carolina, what's the zip code? Okay. All right. Now, mailing address if only if different from your permanent resident's address. Do you have one? So the PO box number is five. Let's see. Let's see. Okay. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Now, are you Hispanic, Latino or Spanish origin? All right. What's your race? Okay. I'm all right. Would you like to receive your, would you write? Would you like to receive your plan information in a different language or format? All right. All right. Now, please provide your primary care physician's name and address. If you do not have a primary care physician, the plan will assign one to you. You can call the plan's customer service if you want to change it. Got you. All right. All right. Now, will you have other prescription drug coverage in addition to this plan? Will you have other prescription drug coverage in addition to this plan? No, sir. Will you have any other prescription drug coverage plans outside of this plan? Okay. All right. Are you a resident in a long-term care facility such as a nursing home? Okay. All right. And are you enrolled in the state Medicaid program? Okay. So can you say yes or no forms so they'll be able to decipher that on the recording? Okay. Got you. Okay. All right. Let's see. All right. Now, will you or your spouse be employed once you have enrolled in this plan? Okay. Well, I mean, I have to ask the question because it's in the application, but will you be employed once you have enrolled in this plan? All right. Now, once enrolled, will you have other medical health coverage where you are the subscriber or covered as a spouse or dependent? Awesome. All right. Now, I'm going to read this to you. It may not necessarily apply to you, but we have to read it for application purposes. Okay. All right. Now, if you must pay a part D income related monthly adjustment amount, you will be required to pay this extra amount in addition to your plan premium. The amount is usually taken out of your social security benefit or you may get a bill from Medicare or the RRB. Don't pay the part D, RMA, you must continue to pay your part A if applicable and part B premium. We will not collect any premiums at this time, but we do need to know how you would like to pay any premium in the future. You can pay your monthly plan premium, including any late enrollment penalty that you currently have or may owe by mail each month. You can also choose to pay your premium by having it automatically taken out of your social security or the or rail road type retirement board benefit each month. So, which how would you like to pay it? So, basically, if you have a penalty that you owe for part D, then they want to know if you would like to pay it by social security deduction, or would you like to pay it with a coupon book by mail? Okay. But would you like to receive it by direct mail or social security deduction, sir? Well, we have to know, sir, you don't owe any penalties, but we have to list how you would like to receive that premium payment. Would you like to receive it by mail with a coupon book or social security deduction? Okay. They'll send you something in the mail if that's the case. All right. Now, please note with social security deductions, it may take two or more months for the deduction to begin. In most cases, the first deduction from your social security benefit will include all premiums due from your enrollment effective date up to the date withholding begins. Now, please note that if you have extra help and are enrolling in a plan with drug coverage, you may experience a change in premium or copay if your extra help level changes. All right. Now to finish, now to finish your enrollment, we need to go through some important legal information. I will now play the CMS required disclaimers. Please stay on the phone for this recorded disclaimer. If you have a question during the recording, ask me to stop the recording. Please do not hang up otherwise your enrollment will not be complete after listening to the disclaimer. If you agree to what you heard, I will proceed to obtain your verbal signature. All right. Let's see. I'm going to get that TCPA that pulled up for a disclaimer pulled up for you. Let's see. All right. Here we go. Wellcare HMO is a licensed and certified representative of Medicare Advantage HMOHMOSNP, PPLPPSNP and PFFS organizations, and standalone PDP prescription drug plans. Each of the organizations there represent has a Medicare contract. Enrollment in any plan depends on contract renewal. Wellcare HMO is also a coordinated care plan with a Medicare contract and a contract with a state Medicaid program. You must keep both hospital Medicare, Part A, and Medical, Part B, to stay in Wellcare HMO. You must continue to pay your Medicare Part B premium. You can only be in one Medicare Advantage plan at a time, and enrollment in this plan will automatically enter enrollment in another Medicare Health or Prescription drug plan. I understand that when my Wellcare HMO coverage begins, I must get all of my medical and prescription drug benefits from Wellcare HMO.benefits and services provided by Wellcare HMO and contained in my Wellcare HMO evidence of coverage document, also known as a member contractor subscriber agreement, will be covered. Need a Medicare nor Wellcare HMO will pay for benefits or services that are not covered. The Wellcare HMO Medicare Advantage plan is not Medicare's supplement insurance. This Wellcare HMO plan has Part D coverage built in. You must use network pharmacies to use your prescription drug benefit, except under non-routine circumstances. Quantity limitations and restrictions may apply. You can only be in one Medicare Prescription drug plan at a time. I understand that people with Medicare are generally not covered under Medicare while out of the country, except for limited coverage near the US border. Benefits, premiums and or copayments conjurants may change on January 1st, 2023. This information is not a complete description of benefits. Review the full list of benefits found in the evidence of coverage, EOC. If you have not had Medicare Prescription drug coverage, or credible coverage as good as Medicare's, you may have to pay a late enrollment penalty in addition to your premium for Medicare Prescription drug coverage. Additionally, we can review the pharmacy directory to make sure the pharmacy you use for any prescription medicines is in the network. If the pharmacy is not listed, you may need to select a new pharmacy for your prescriptions. Organizations are evaluated yearly by Medicare. The ratings are based on a five-star rating system. You can access the stars ratings document and the summary of benefits at WellCare.com. Do you understand the benefits and conditions of enrollment as they have been explained for the plan WellCare HMO? The information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of my knowledge. I understand that if I intentionally provide false information on this form, I will be disenrolled from the plan. You must use participating providers except in an emergency, otherwise he will be responsible for the costs. By joining this Medicare Advantage plan, I acknowledge that WellCare HMO will share my information with Medicare, whom he used it to track my enrollment, to make payments, and for other purposes allowed by federal law, that authorize the collection of this information. I understand that if I am getting assistance from a sales agent, broker, or other individual employed by are contracted with WellCare HMO, he or she may be paid based on my enrollment in WellCare HMO.com. Yes, sir. Now, we're going to go ahead and we have to near the end. All right. Now, yes, sir. Yes, sir. We remember I told you yesterday that the prescription drugs are covered with CVS. Well, not yesterday, the day before yesterday, but do you understand and agree to the statements that we have reviewed in this call, including your intention to enrolling this plan? Do you understand that you are enrolling? Do you understand that you are enrolling in the plan WellCare No Premium H4073001 HMO for a monthly premium of no more than $0, and the plan proposed effective date is 2-1-2024 subject to approval by Medicare. Okay, awesome. Now, today is 1-12-2024. To confirm your application and to acknowledge the information on the disenrollment form is correct to the best of your knowledge, you understand that if you intentionally provide false information on this form, you will be disenrolled from the plan. To enroll in WellCare, WellCare No Premium H4073001, please state your full name and today's date. All right, awesome. Let's see here. All right. Let's see. It's going to be H as in Harry, 4073-001. All right. Let's see. All right. All right, so we're going to go ahead and I have to, we're going to read some information to you and then what I'm going to do is, let's see here, let's see, then what I'm going to do is send you over to the verification team, okay? All right, let's see. Now, this completes the stat, this completes the application process. WellCare will send you a confirmation that your application was received. We will also notify you by the mail of the status of your enrollment. Also, we would like to make sure this sales experience was conducted appropriately and stay in contact with you by phone and other methods using the information you have provided us. May we call you at 919-356-3946 if we reach out by phone? Also, now the confirmation for your enrollment is H is in Harry, P is in Paul, T is in Tom, 104-791-6. Okay, awesome. All right. Now, before we get off the phone, I just want to remind you that if you have questions or would like to check your enrollment status of benefits, you may call customer service. They are available seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Monday through and sorry. And please be sure to have that confirmation number and the date and time of this enrollment we're calling for status. And I'm going to give you that number. Now, that number is 833-444-9088. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Awesome. All right. Now, I'm going to go ahead and get you prepared to go over to that Verifier that enrollment verification is to take about maybe. You shouldn't take long. They're going to do a brief assessment that will allow your insurance to carry you to know how to better serve you and they'll verify your enrollment into the well care plan that we just completed. Okay. So I'm going to get them on the line for you. Is there anything you need from me before we bring them on? All right, Mr. Hudson, just one moment. I'm going to bring them on the line. All right, Mr. Hudson, I have that verifier on the line. They're going to finish everything off for you. You guys have a good day. You too. Yes. Okay. So good afternoon. My name is Elitio Williams. And I'm part of the Kurt Mesh customer current team. This car will be recorded for quality and training purposes. So today, we'll go from your enrollment side to work on an opinion plan with the start of their February 1st, 2024. Is that correct? Okay. Thank you, the front. You have Mr. Christopher Crom, final extension as he would be a Medicare advisor moving forward. Okay. So we'd like to ensure that we have permission to call if there's any to follow up. And by saying yes, share confirming that you agree and consent file company to contact you with phone calls, words, emails and text messages, containing information about our products and services. We may use an auto data or people call the message for these communications. And then I'll require a tick of sentiment purchase. Your grant will see this communication at this number. Even the number is going to do not call this. So these would be calls to make sure you do is to get welcome letter and got a decord from worker and to make sure everything is going to go with your plan. So do we have permission to give you a call for that? And also, the true Mr. Christopher talk about your medications and your glasses. Do he go over there with you? Yes, sir. Okay. So thank you for not curbing medicine medical to help you with your Medicare benefits. And then I had to take to reach out to Mr. Christopher. You have an additional question about your plan. So thank you for calling and you enjoy the today. Okay. You're welcome. Bye bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  My name is Barry Hudson and I'm very great North Carolina and it's good to get back to you that time but it did send me back to the music side again but it didn't take near as long as it left me there last time or you're going to need my medical list again from my drugs and stuff. I have my primary care is Dr. Gibson but I also go see a Dr. Harris in Pinehurst from my eyes and Dr. Smith, okay, okay, okay, okay. Barry B-A-R-R-R-Y. Mid-O'Nissle L. Last name, Hudson, H-U-D-S-O-N. January 1st, 1957, New Year's Day. So it's getting kind of county that year. There's also a new picker article about that somewhere from the year after that. Yeah, I got my name in my picture in the picture when I turned one year old. Yes, Dr.'s name is David Allen Gibson. What about, will Medicare still be paying a, had to pay apart for the, to a, to a lot of the, to a lot of the, to a lot of the, to a lot of the, to a lot of the, to a lot of the, to a lot of the, to a lot of the, to a lot of the, to a lot of the, to a lot of the, to a lot of the, January, 1957, yeah. Starting in February 1st of 2017, and we began on January 1st, 2022, I think I think as one, I think I was upgraded, yeah. I had a eye surgery that led into me growing blood and having eye troubles so I was put on disability and I got on disability and the fall of 15, 16, 17, probably 2018, probably in the fall of 2017. January 1, 2017, I think that is correct, that is correct. This is a very mind, it's a handwritten, so it's not very legible. This is a copy, not the original male. 919-356-3946. It's the only poem. There's no one else. This is a, I don't have a landline, I don't have Wi-Fi, I don't have internet, I don't have no kind of satellite or cable or nothing like that. True rule, and I can't afford it. Z as in zebra. E is in Edward. G as in giraffe. F is in Fred or fire. R is in Robert. E is in umbrella. M as in monocle. M as in monocle. I as an internet. N is in Nancy at Yahoo.com. Okay. Chatham. C-A-D-T-H-A-M-12580. N capital dot C capital dot uppercase H, W-Y-L-R-K-S dot Highway 902. Air Creek. B-E-A-R-C-R-E-E-K. North Carolina. 2-7-3-4-4. There is also a P.O. Box 5 in Bear Creek at this time, using the same whip. 2-7-2-0-7. I have, I have the permanent mailing address for unsecured mail. I have a secured mailing address, the P.O. Box 5 Bear Creek. 2-7-2-0-7. Also in Bear Creek. The free-friex that takes the same secured mail to the P.O. Box will be, you start out with the of course, the P.O. Box 5 Bear Creek. North zip code is a little bit different. It is 2-7-2-0-7-0-0-5. And I have put secured mail to the P.O. Box. This year, the bill went up to where I am paying a hundred and fifteen dollars for that box for a year. Everything is going up and up and up. I know so security didn't go up much. I went up for $40 from last year to this year and I didn't, I didn't, that ain't, that ain't pissing the piss box. That's nothing to do with anything with. That's barely going to help. It should have went up to $200 the way the economy is. And that wouldn't have been enough, but just kind of equalize it. That wouldn't have really gave me no advantage. It would still be coming out very quiet. Now, born and raised to American, Caucasian, Caucasian, Caucasian, quite. I'm not practical. I'm not totally qualified. Now, to look with languages best. Well, I'll let it down. Dr. David Allen Gibson. Here we are. As I just said, Dr. David Allen Gibson, come on, give me the address for UNC Primary Care of Chatham 163 Medical Park Drive, South of City, NC 27344. Pardon? Dr. Scherolf and Chapel Hill has something on me. He's got, he's sending me out some, no, no, this is it. There is nothing else. No, I live at home. And I'd like to stay at home if it all possible. As long as I can feel the drive, I'm going to stay right where I am. As far as I know, I am not, and as far as I know, I'm not, I don't qualify. I own, I own my own home, and it's a pretty nice home. And it's a value is so high that they kicked me out. Now, after what has happened in the past year, there might be some new rules I don't know yet. As far as I know, know at this time. But if I can be qualified, I would like to have a little help getting that done. I live alone, do you have no spouse? Employed? No, I'm disabled. No, just me alone. I don't have a penalty as far as I know, so I don't have to worry about that. As I wouldn't want it, Perry here that there's going to be a one, I would refuse it because I would dispute it, and I would put a lawyer on it. A social security deduction would probably be the best way to do it. But I want to have another filing document to come to me that I could see it and read it. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Okay, one small question my policy is CBS pharmacy are they in network? Okay. We're good to go. Yes. Name, Berry, Lee, Hutton, today's day, 1, 12, 2024. Can you give me the well care identifying number again at HMO number? H is in 1. Got it? Yes. And repeating that back to you, confirmation is, Harry Paul Tracy, 104, 7, 9, 1, 6, 8, 8. I'll repeat, I'll repeat, 8, 3, 3, 4, 4, 9, 0, 8, 8. I think we're good. Thank you. Yes. Correct. Yes, you do. The medications. We did go over them. He did, but the lady before him did, but we did go over all of all. Yes, we did. Thank you, man.