Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling CREMAT some Medicare. This is Jugen Sonor recorded line. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with today? All right, thank you for calling back just for compliance purposes. This call will be recorded once again for quality control and training purposes. Please verify your zip code and your date of birth. Thank you very much. So I will process the application on the well-care plan for you that will start on November 1st, 2024. And once the application is approved, you will receive a package from well-care. The plan premium is $0.00. That's why they call it classic no premium. So we will not the only thing you know what you are paying social security. That's for your part B. It's not for the plan, but this plan there is no premium. So there is no extra that will come out because of the plan. You welcome. Are you the applicant? Thank you. All right, please know our call will be recorded for quality control and training purposes. We do not offer every plan available in your area. Currently we represent 11 organization, which offers 99 product in your area. Please contact the medicare.gov or 1-800-medicare or your local state health insurance program to get information on all your options. Do I have your consent to proceed with this one call? Please verify the spelling of your first and last name. Please verify the spelling. Thank you. Please verify your date of birth. Okay, do you have a middle initial? Okay. All right, for this application, we will ask questions to process your application. I will cover the plan requirements. Disclosures, review the pre-enrollment checklist and the summary of benefits and answer any questions you may have. The pre-enrollment checklist can also be reviewed on a well-care website. Your current health care coverage will add once your new medicare coverage starts. For example, if you are in try care or medicare plan, you will no longer receive benefits from that plan once your new coverage starts. At the end of the application, we will ask you to confirm the accuracy of your answers, which will be recorded. Please confirm that you consent by saying yes. Yes. Your response to this form is voluntary. However, failure to respond may affect and will met in the plan. We have free interpreter services to answer any questions about this health plan or drug plan to get an interpreter just call us like 1-800-633-4227, TTY-711. This is a free service. The following languages are included Spanish, Chinese, Tagalog, French, Vietnamese, German, Korean, Russian, Arabic, Italian, Portuguese, French, Korean, Polish, Hindi, Gujarati, Thai and Japanese. Someone who speaks those languages can help you. You are not required to provide health related information unless this information is needed to determine your eligibility to enroll in the plan. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in the plan. We comply with applicable federal civil right laws and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex. Before making an enrollment decision, it is important that you fully understand the plan benefits and rules. Based on what we have discussed, please confirm that you would like to enroll in World Care Texan Plus Classic No Premium HMO with an effective date of 2-1-2024 and a plan premium of $0 is that correct. I am confirming if you are in an existing plan, you want to switch from your current plan into this plan, is that correct? If you are ready to enroll, then we will fill out the application and process your signature. Once we complete the signature, I will give you the application number for your reference. Tell you when to expect materials in the mail and provide you the customer service number for your reference. Are you ready to enroll now? Yes. Now we are completing with the application. You provided to me your Medicare number to verify your info. Do I have your permission to put that number in the application for claim processing? Yes. Okay, thank you. Can you please verify one more time your date of birth? Thank you. Please verify your gender. Please verify your phone number. Thank you. Is this a cell phone number? Is there a seconder phone number I can add on file? Okay. Go ahead. No, it has to be your phone number because we cannot discuss your info with anyone else. Okay. All right. No problem. Can you please verify your county and your permanent residence address? And that's your address and the county address and county. That should be it. Thank you. Is there a different mailing address? I should note. Okay. Thank you. All right. The next question is optional. You don't have to answer. If you don't want to, are you expanding a or Spanish Latino origin? Okay. What is your race? Thank you. Would you like to receive your plan and formation in a different language or format? One moment please. I am putting your doctors and formation on there. All right. Will you have other prescription drug coverage in addition to this plan? Okay. Are you a resident in a long-term care facility such as a nursing home? Will you or your spouse be employed once enrolled in this plan? Once enrolled, will you have other medical health coverage? All right. This question is about premium and the plan doesn't have any premium. If you must pay a part of the income related monthly adjustment, you will be required to pay just extra amount in addition to your plan premium. The amount is usually taken out of your social security benefit or you may get a bill from Medicare. Don't pay and set the appropriate plan and organization name. You must continue to pay your part A if applicable and part B premium. We will not collect any premium at this time. But we do need to know how you would like to pay any premium in the future. You can pay your monthly premium and maybe the plan with premium and certain, including any later on with penalty that you currently have on A O. By mail each month, you can also choose to pay your premium by having it automatically taken out of your social security. Where would retirement board benefit each month? This is a question in the future. If you ever enroll in a plan that has premium, they want you to know how would you pay? Would you pay that with social security or direct bill? Please note that with social security deduction, it pay take two or more months for the deduction to begin. In most cases, the first deduction from your social security benefit check will include all premium do from your annual effective date up to the date with holding begins. Please note that if you have extra help and are enrolling in the plan with drug coverage, you may experience a change in premium or copy if your extra help level changes. Now to finish your enrollment, we need to go through some important legal information. I will now play the CMS required disclaimers. Please stay on the phone for the recorded disclaimer. If you have a question during the recording, ask me to stop the recording. Please do not hang up otherwise your enrollment will not be complete. After listening to the disclaimers, if you agree to what you heard, I will proceed to obtain your verbal signature. One moment please, while I play the disclaimer for you. Well care is a Medicare Advantage plan and has a contract with the federal government. I will need to keep my Medicare parts say in B, I can only be in one Medicare Advantage plan at a time and I understand that my enrollment in this plan will automatically end my enrollment in another Medicare health plan. It is my responsibility to inform you of any prescription drug coverage that I have or may get in the future. Enrollment in this plan is generally for the entire year. Once I enroll, I may leave this plan or make changes only at certain times of the year, if an enrollment period is available, example, annual enrollment period from October 15, December 7, or under certain special circumstances. Well care serves a specific service area. If I move out of the area that well care serves, I need to notify the plan so I can disenroll and find a new plan in my new area. Once I am a member of well care I have the right to appeal plan decisions about payment or services if I disagree. I will read the evidence of coverage document from well care when I get it to know which rules, I must follow to get coverage with this Medicare Advantage plan. I understand that people with Medicare aren't usually covered under Medicare while out of the country, except for limited coverage near the US border. I understand that beginning on the date well care coverage begins, I must get all of my healthcare from well care, except for emergency or urgently needed services or out of area dialysis services. Services authorized by well care and other services contained in my well care evidence of coverage document, also known as a member contractor subscriber agreement, will be covered. Without authorization, neither Medicare nor well care will pay for the services. I understand that if I am getting assistance from a sales agent, broker or other individual employed by or contracted with well care, he or she may be paid based on my enrollment in well care dot release of information. By joining this Medicare health plan, I acknowledge that the Medicare health plan will release my information to Medicare and other plans as is necessary for treatment, payment and healthcare operations. I also acknowledge that well care will release my information including my prescription drug event data to Medicare, who may release it for research and other purposes which follow all applicable federal statutes and regulations. The information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of my knowledge. I understand that if I intentionally provide false information on this form, I will be disenrolled from the plan. I understand that my signature or the signature of the person authorized to act on my behalf under the laws of the state where I live on this application means that I have read and understand the contents of this application. If signed by an authorized individual as described above, this signature certifies that one, this person is authorized under state law to complete this enrollment and two, documentation of this authority is available upon request from Medicare. All right, thank you very much. Do you understand and agree to this statement we have reviewed in this call, including your intention to enroll in this plan. Do you understand that you are enrolling and the plan will care takes on plus classic no premium a chamber for a monthly premium of no more than zero dollar. The plans proposed effective data is on to one, twenty, twenty, four, subject to approval by Medicare. Today is one, eleven, two thousand, twenty, four to confirm your application and to acknowledge the information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of your knowledge. You understand that if you intentionally provide false information on this form, you will be disenrolled from the plan. To enroll you in well care takes on plus classic no premium a chamber, please take your full name and today's date. Thank you. That completes the application process. Well care will send you a confirmation that your application was received. We will also notify you by mail of the studies of your enrollment, the centers for Medicare and Medicaid services, CMS collects information from Medicare plan to track beneficiaries and will met in Medicare Advantage, prescription drug plan, and prove care and for the payment of Medicare benefits. Section 1851 and 1860D dash one of the Social Security Act and 42 CFR, 422.60.60. 423.32.32 authorize the collection of this information. CMS may use disclosed and exchange enrollment data for Medicare beneficiaries, as specified in the system of records. Notice Medicare Advantage, prescription drug system number 097.0588, your response to this form is voluntary. However, failure to respond may affect enrollment in the plan. Also, we would like to make sure this sale experience was conducted appropriately and stay in contact with your bifone. May we call you at 2816908813 if we reach out bifone. Okay, the confirmation number for your enrollment is H as in home, P as in Paul, T as in Thomas, 104, 707. All right, before we get off the phone, I just want to remind you, if you have questions or you would like to check on your enrollment studies, you may call a well care. The phone number is 83344449088. Yes, if you have any question about the plan, the enrollment and everything, you call that number. Okay, all right, before I let you go, it is a requirement as the last part of the enrollment process to just put your notebook for like 30 seconds to get an enrollment specialist to verify your enrollment and let you go. One moment, please. Thank you. Okay, Miss Margie, it was a pleasure enrolling you in the plan. I will transfer you to an enrollment specialist to just verify your enrollment. It was a pleasure. Have a great evening, okay? Thank you. Bye bye. Hi, Miss Maggie. My name is Kendra, and I work with your agent, Jojan, who enrolled you into your well care plan. Just let you know the call is recorded for quality and training purposes. Just a moment. Can you spell your last name for me? Okay, he has it wrong. So if it come back without an eye, just know that's why he put it in wrong. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, he didn't put the eye on your application. So once you get your ID cards and everything, it's missing the eye. That is why I okay. I can't, unless he go back in and do it all over again. Okay, miss again, one second. Miss Maggie, are you still there? I do apologize. He's reaching out to his supervisor now. I was on the phone with him. He was chatting it up to see what can he do, because I would hate for you to have to go back through the whole enrollment process again, because I know that's a few hours. So he's reaching out to his supervisor to see is there any way that they can pull the application and just correct the spelling of the name, because I mean, all I had to do here on my side was at the eye, but I know for effect on the application. I can't do anything as far as that. And then you would receive your ID card with that eye, not in there. Right. So I'm just going to verify what he did have you in to. I have you in to well care, text and less classic, no premium. HMO with an affected day of February 1st of 24 is that correct? Okay, and I have your agent as a surgeon. Do you have his number and direct extension? Okay, also we would like to ensure that we have your permission to call if there's ever any for a follow up by saying yes, you're confirming that you agree and consent for our company to reach out to you with phone calls for smells and or text messages, consent information about our products and services. We may use an auto dealer or pre-recorded message for these communications, but you are not required to make a purchase. You are green to receive these communications at this number, even if the numbers on it do not call us to your three. All right. All right. That is all that what I that I needed to do with you, Miss Maggie. He just sent me a message back that he was able. All is good. He was able to put a correction request to fix it in the back end with well care. Okay. All right. So you should receive it and everything should be correct on it. Yes, ma'am. That is it. And if you need anything, do not hesitate to give us a call, sweetie. You're welcome. Yes, ma'am. All right, Miss Maggie. You're welcome. Have a blessed day in the scene. Stay safe.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Jookins, this is Maggie Wright, zip code is 77450, date of birth is 32, 1947, and how much is this a month out of my social security? How much is this? Okay. Thank you. Yes. Yes. Yes. Maggie Wright. Oh, WR Maggie, M-A-G-G-I-E, W-R-R-G-H-T, 3, 2, 1947. Yes. Yes. M-A-E for Evelyn. Yes. Correct. Yes. Yes. Yes. 3, 2, 1947. Female. 281-690-8813. Uh-huh. Yes. Uh-huh. Yes. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yes. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Okay. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. This is Fort Finn County, KD Texas, 77450, and what else was it? Okay. 660-09, Lake Bluff, 4, KD Texas, 77450. I have a field box number, field box 86, Richmond, Texas, 774506. No. Black. No. You know, from that book? No. No. No. Okay, yeah, so we'll ask you a question. Do they have any broken. Wait, I think there's some broken. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. No. No. No. No. No. Uh, self security. Okay. All right. Yes. Yes. Yes. Maggie E. Wright today is January 11, 2054. Yes. Okay. This is to well care the number I call if I have any questions. Okay. Thank you, Jordan. Okay. W-R-I-G-H-D. W-R-I-G-H-E. Okay. Okay. We correct that. That might be a problem. He's going to have to do it over because I need that on. I mean, it's wrong. Yes. I'm here. Yes. Yes. Missing. Then that's wrong. I don't want a dick. Yeah. That might be a problem for me. You know, uh-uh. Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. That's all I got to do. Thank you, Daniel. Okay. Now call your point number. What? At 833-444-9088. Okay. I'm going to put that in my phone. All right. Thank you, Kendra. Thanks. God bless.