Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling well care Medicare. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. My name is Keisha Jones. I'm a licensed insurance agent. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with? Hi, Jorge. How you doing today? Good. How may I help you? OK, Jorge. Yes, I can help you with that. Do you have Medicare part A and part B? OK, perfect. So it's my job to assist you in finding a plan that meets your needs and may have additional coverage, like enhanced dental, over the counter items or money back. Which of these are important for you? All right, and let me see. Jorge, let me go ahead and get your data birth. Wonderful. And please note, we do not offer every plan available in your area, but to see what you qualify for. Let me confirm your zip code in county. OK, give me one second here. Oh, well, what I do here is I get your information. I get your information and I take a look and see what you have because you have Medicare part A and part B. I can take a look and see how much you're eligible for, OK? So that's what I'm doing now. I will need to get your Medicare ID number from your red, white, and blue card. I can pull up the same information using your social, if you like. Oh, hold on, not yet, not yet. I got to make it so that nobody can hear that. Give me a second. All right, let's see. You saw your first name, J-O-R-G-R-O-D-R-I, OK. Your birthday is September 11th, minus September 6th. Yours is the 11th. Same sign. OK. And now I am ready for you. Benefits like food, gas, and rent assistance come when you have Medicaid and Medicare, both. When you don't have both, you still get an allowance. But the allowance goes toward your over-the-counter needs. Yeah, so I can get some basic information, like just basic information about your health, and then I can take a look at the plan. And if you like the plan, you can enroll in the plan. It's a C. So right now you're in Medicare Part A and B, right? And then Part D is prescription drug coverage. So how it works is right now you don't have an advantage plan. Advantage is going to offer you more than just with AMB offers. So advantage is going to give you dental, vision, hearing, fitness, those extra benefits that you're not going to get with AMB, OK? Yeah, yeah. So that's what the advantage gives you. So what I would do is a quick health assessment. And then if I have a plan for you that you're interested in, I can get you enrolled. But I do, and if you don't like that plan, I still have other plans with my colleagues may have access to more plans. If that plan doesn't work for you based on what we talk about. So your primary care physician is that a doctor that you want to keep? What's his name? Or her? Spelleth for me. OK, just like it sounds. OK. Let me see something here. What's the, do you know his first name? Let me see. Lou is his last name or his first name? His last name is Lou. OK. You don't have any way to find out his first name? Do you take medication? You're not on any prescribed medication, any prescribed medications. You said you're working right now. It's now not a good time to go over this. I can schedule a call back where I can catch you, you know, why you're home and you can have access to this information. Because in order for me to go 10 more minutes, OK. But the thing is that I don't see Dr. Lou. I see Lou, but that would be the first name. Let me see. Lou is the first name. I don't see a doctor Lou for the last name. So maybe he's not in network. Are you open to changing that doctor? Or you definitely want to keep that doctor? OK, let me get you one of my colleagues. I'm going to get you over one of my colleagues. And so they can check to see if the doctor is in network with the plans that they have for you. OK, I'll let them know, you know, what we talked about so far. So they don't have to ask you, you know, again, and you don't have to repeat yourself, OK? So just hold for me for one moment, OK? All righty. OK Jorge, I have my colleague Yester on the line, and he's going to take great care of you from here. Both of you guys have a great rest of your day, OK? You're welcome. Thank you. Well, hello there, Mr. Rodriguez. How are you today? So far so good. How are you today? So far so good. That's all good news, right? All right. And Mr. Rodriguez, are you currently receiving Medicare for AMB? OK. And what's your date of birth? 9-11-50-A. How many? And what's your zip code, sir? OK. Now, did you recently, did you use to have coverage from your previous employer? OK. All righty. Now, the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services requires that I review some disclosures with you. I'm going to play a 90 seconds recording. After that message, I'll come back on the line, and we'll be able to go over the benefits that you are entitled to. OK? I'm also going to be on the line with you. All right, here we go. Third day, January 11, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information, unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan-slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan-slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare Advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part, D-sponsor. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, text at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message, even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. Okay, and do you understand and agree to the disclaimer I play, including receiving calls and texts to this number? Okay, so let's go ahead and take a look. And do you mind if I pull up your information in the Medicare system to see exactly what you are receiving? All right, sir. Okay, so you just started receiving Medicare. On September, the start of the part A. And now, just last week, you started receiving parts B. Just this month. Okay, so you have previous employer, right? Okay, when did that end on December 31st? Okay, all right, so let's go ahead and take a look and see what's available in Manlo Park, California. I want to see a start with me. Now, is there anything specific that you're trying to obtain? Is there anything in particular that you're trying to have cover? Okay, hospital. Okay, ventilation has to be okay. And do you have a primary care physician that you usually see? A primary doctor that you usually see? Oh, you used to have Kaiser? Okay. Okay, you used to have Kaiser through your employer? Is that it? Okay, none of the doctors from Kaiser, they accept any other carriers that is not Kaiser themselves. Okay, so in other words, in other words, in order for you to have a Medicare Advantage plan, or which you do qualify for, and they are very good plans in your area, okay? You either got a half another doctor or find yourself another doctor that will be able to take the other carriers. Kaiser only accepts Kaiser, they do not accept scan, walk care, United health care, any of those unfortunately. I'm sorry? Oh wow, that's a lot of doctors near your place that you can go see and you don't have to pay absolutely anything for those, because the plan will be able to cover that for you, if that's a human. Because everything goes by geographical area, just so you know. So, my job is to make sure that you obtain the most benefits overall, regardless which carrier you decide to go with. 89, let's see, and this is 91, 2013. Allow me please. Okay, and Jorge, can you please verify your address? I see appears on the system. Apartment D, is it D or CSI Charlie? Okay, that's what I have here. Let me update this in the system. All right, so let's see. Let's see how much scans covers. Allow me. Even if you don't hear me, I'm still working with you sir. Allow me please. Thank you sir. Okay, so I have an HMO plan. Let's take a look at the doctors, nearby. And how about prescriptions? Do you have any prescriptions by any chance? That's a worker's comp. Okay, so this is welcome. Okay, so we're going to go by county. And the county's name is kind of some hotel. I'm sorry? Okay, Mr. Rodriguez, it takes more than 20 or 30 minutes to set up your health insurance for this year sir. Okay, because the lady that was trying to assist you, unfortunately, she couldn't find any of the plans available for you. Now, I can go ahead and get you into the walk here, no premium plan. That plan will cover primary doctors, no co-pays. The specialist is only $25 co-pays. It does have prescription drug coverage on the dental services. Okay, you get oral exams, cleanings, flu or right treatments, dental x-rays. And it gives you $2,250 for the dental benefits. For vision coverage, you get routine ice exams, no co-pays. And you get one pair of contact lenses, eyeglasses, lenses and frames with no co-pays. And you also receive $200. In case if you want to purchase any additional glasses, lenses or frames. Okay, hearing, you get routine hearing exams, no co-pays, feeding and evaluations for hearing aids, no co-pays. And you also receive two hearing aids every year, and you get $1,000 towards hearing aids. Also, you're going to be receiving $89 as of February 1st and every quarter after that. So you can purchase your over-the-counter items. I will profan, tile and all toilet paper, toothpaste, things that you need for over-the-counter. Okay, that's going to start on February 1st. You receive all the preventive services and wellness programs, such as color rectal cancer screenings, you know the colonoscopies, cardiovascular disease screenings, lung cancer screenings, nutrition therapy services, prostate cancer screenings. You get all the shots, such as the COVID-19, the flu, hepatitis B, pneumococcus shots. God forbid, if you need to be hospitalized, that's called the inpatient hospital coverage. You are accountable for $350 from day 1 through 5, and no co-pays from day 6 through day 90. Emergency care, diagnostic tests, x-rays and lab services. It goes from lab works, goes from 0 to $50 co-pays, which means that you might not pay anything, but you know that the most is only $50 co-pays. Urgent care, urgently needed care, it's only $25 co-pays. But if you are admitted to the hospital within 24 hours, you don't have to pay that co-payment. Okay, if you need to have a surgery, that's called outpatient hospital ambulatory surgical center. Okay, that is a $250 co-pay for any type of surgery. You also get home health care for dietary services, durable medical equipment, only 20%, such as wheelchairs, showers, tools, race toilets, mobility ramps, crutches, workers, diabetes supplies and services, no co-pays, everything is covered for you. And you also get the fitness benefits, which means that you can go to any local gym in the area, LA Tour of Fitness, YMCA, Bali Tour of Fitness, 24 hours fitness in gyms, and you have a one year membership paid for you. Okay, and that is with walk-air, no premium HMO. I'm going to fill in the information, I'm going to send it to you on access message, so you can take a look that everything is correct and okay, and you can just submit it on the line with me, sir. Okay, hello, my place, and bear with me. And the plan's name is called walk-air, no premium HMO. Let's see, walk-air no premium HMO, and all hospitals. Okay, so I have a list of doctors, I'm going to get you just one doctor, a list for the information purposes. Okay, and that doctor's name will be Angelo Arcila, he's accepting new patients. That doesn't mean that he's going to be your doctor, just so you know. But I'll list for the application purposes, okay, and you're going to have all that. It's on Dali City, at 1800 Sullivan, I'm sorry, Arcila, see, Angelo Arcila, yes. Okay, so let me set this up here, and I'll list for the information purposes, just so you know. And I have this address here, and it's MPI, and it's license provider, okay. And I'm going to send it this right now. Let me show you how I've been set up. It's Jorge, middle initial R, correct, and at the premium Roman link. This is walk-air, there is no monthly premium, you do have drug coverage in case if you need it, just so you know. And the zip code is 94015. And yes, we're almost done to answer your question that you asked me a few minutes ago. All right, and RX Covenant, Medicare IT, there is no Medicaid, this is LCC, that's a PCP, and that is Angelo Arcila. Provider IT, and the license ID, there with me. Okay, so I'm going to send you the link. All you need to do is verify that everything is correct, your address, your name, okay. The doctor's name, Dr. Arcila, okay, I'll list for the Angelo Arcila, yes. And you'll be receiving everything in writing, just so you know, within the next 7-10 business days, after the enrollment today. And the name of the plan is walk-air no premium. Okay, so it's going to be sent to the phone number 6502748391. Is that correct? Okay, so I send you a text message, you should have it there. Let me know if you have any questions, and you can submit the application. Okay, so open it up because we need to do it with me on the line. That will be cancelled, sir, if you don't do it now, that will be cancelled, or hey. It only takes two minutes of your time, say it. You can place me on speakerphone if you like, if you have any questions, you can just ask me, I'll guide you through it. There is no premium. Yes, sir. Yes, you're new to Medicare Parts B, because you just started it this month. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Can go to next step. Next step. Yeah, you have no prescription subject sign in the way. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I need to say congratulations, and you provide a CUA confirmation number. No, sir. Oh, she can... I can give you my direct-line phone number. You can call me up or she can call me up when you're ready. And we can go over the plan as well real quick, because it needs to be separate. Okay, so you have my direct-line phone number. Okay, call me up. My name is Yasser. My name is Yasser. Okay. And you can just call me up and we can enroll you wife when you're ready. And it will take less time next time, just so you know. Anything else that I may assist you today, Mr. Rodriguez? Is there anything else that I may assist you today? Okay. Well, thank you so much for calling Clean Match Medicare. Yasser, assist to you, and you'll be receiving a courtesy call probably later on today. Okay, from the verification department, they're just going to make sure that the address is correct and that the application is completed. He only takes two minutes of your time. If you want to do it now, or you can just let them know less and call me back later on, and I can go ahead and connect to you. All right? Okay, so bear with me. I'm right here with you. Please call me back later on. Hi, this is Andre with the Clean Match customer care team. Can I get your CID, please? Yes, 108. 770. 6262. And that is going to be for Jorge for the well care company. Yes, he's in a bit of a rush, so I believe that you guys might need to call him back later on. But okay, it's on the line. Just so you know, all right? Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Jorge, I live in good hands. You may proceed. Hello. Good afternoon, Mr. Rodriguez. I'm doing good in yourself. Perfect. Well, my name is Andre. I'm with the. I'm sorry. Okay, okay. Okay, no worries. I'll give you a call back. Yes. Perfect. Have yourself a great one. Bye-bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Mr. Jorge, Rodriguez, fine. Thank you. Well, I saw this advertising on the internet about the card. Yes, I am. Money back. 9, 11, 58. 9, 4, or 2, 5. On the city, Menlo Park, and the county is San Mateo. I'm talking about the card, the $6,000 something card. I don't have it with me right now. 616, 2, mm-hm. GVS. Middle, initial R. Last name is Rodriguez. I-G-U-P-Z. Same thing. Okay, I saw that in on TV, yeah, yes, that's a loop, and all you don't know. Last one. No, I'm working right. No, I don't get any medication from the hospital for Kaiser. I want to keep him. Thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Excuse me? So far so good, yeah, I'm okay. I'm still alive. Yeah, I just started in September. I'm new. 9, 11, 19, 58, 9, 4, or 2, 5. Yeah, I did. No, none at all. Yes, yes, yes, yes, it did. I would like to have a patient, a dental, and a doctor's hospital, yeah, dental, too. Yeah, I'm going to Kaiser, so Dr. Valu is my doctor. So I want everything with that again. Yes, mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Okay, do you guys provide a doctor or what? Well, I have to choose, and you send me the link with the located. Okay, 11, 0, 8, the note, haven't you? Apart from Zee, not Zebra, like, no, Zee, Charlie, and the city, the city is Mellow Park, and the city is 9, 4, or 2, 5. Why now the only thing I have is some pills for pain through my work, or the work is compensation. We don't have anything. Are we almost done? Are we almost done? Because I got to go back to work. That's because I call like half hour ago. Okay, okay, okay, okay, mm-hmm, okay. Okay, I'm going to go back, yeah. Okay, 11, 0, or Cilla? Okay, sounds good. Yes. Mm-hmm. Okay, no, 11, or Cilla. Okay, sounds good. Correct. Yes. Okay, I got it already. Okay, I got to return to work. Could I do it later in Cilla, rather online? Image, for now. The work is not premium, H-O-5, monthly, premium, 0, primary, doctor, co-pay 0, specialist 25, hospital's 50th day, doctor coverage of Angelo, or Cilla. Okay, I'm going to go ahead, initial hour, what is it? State of birth of 9, 11, 58, male, my address, 11, or in the not the other new apartment, see the negative part, the state California, some of the accounting, 6, 4, 9, 4, or 2, 5, and you can address the same. Next step, J-medical number, 7, J, G-5, X-04, X-U, 4, or 0, medical, 7, the same like, hospital, part A, start day, 9, 11, 23, 4B, 9, 0, 1, 24, so I am new to the medical, doctor, part B, okay, I am a role in medical, a bench, plan, and want to make a change during the medical, okay, I qualify for a special role, until September, what I'm role in a plan by medical, living, I am living or losing employer or living coverage within the last two months, for the phone, creative role for our coverage, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 24, okay, I'm going to move outside of the service area for my current plan of recently moved, that is a new option for me, okay, I lost it, oh shit, hold on, my primary doctor, I'm going to go to the hospital, my current coverage, oh I'm going to go to the hospital, okay, let's set right, okay, my current coverage, thank you, if you have any other prescription, no, okay, next step, applicant name, my name, I am a role in the information, thank you, important information, knowledge that I have, present, we have all information and fully understand the content of the application, my information, phone number, email address, transfer language, it's English or Spanish, it's fine, accessible, it's a word for much, it's always a role in English, it's a name, it's a thing, now I have to leave the application, all right, I see it, now I want to go to someone else in this plan, what about my wife, no, okay, thank you, send me by, oh okay, so I, okay, okay, no, fine, okay, thank you very much, okay, thank you very much, hello, I need to go to the office, thank you, I need to go, I need to go, but I need to go back to work, you guys call me later, okay, thank you very much, okay, bye,