Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  I welcome you Medicare this call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. My name is Melissa Hill is just Diana, so we dig great. So on the approval and we'll get your application started just bear for me one moment. Okay, so we got the approval, just one more moment here. So I want to make sure you have your red, white and blue card out for completing the application because you're going to have to recite that number for me again on the recorded line, okay? Yeah, so I'll have that available for you. All right, awesome, I'm going to get started in a moment. All righty, we're going to start the application now just to let you know this call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. We're going to complete your enrollment for the well care no premium open 87323-010. It is a PPO plan. The plan will be effective February 1st, 2024. We have your primary care doctor is Daniel Callum. He does accept this plan program. Your drug coverage will be included. Your plan information will be provided in the English language. There's zero premium cost for this plan and we're no longer saying that you have Medicaid and we're going to get you to apply after this conversation and application. So we'll be switching your plan for now. Please know we don't offer every plan available in your area. Currently, we represent 11 organizations which offers 96 products in your area. Please contact Medicare.gov or 1-800 Medicare or your local state health insurance program to get information on all your plan options. Please provide me the spelling of your first and last name. Perfect. Last name and your date of birth. Perfect. For this application, we'll ask you questions to process this application. I will cover the plan requirements which we've done already. Review your pre-enrollment checklist and summary of benefits and answer any questions you have. The pre-enrollment checklist can also be reviewed on well care's website. Effective on your current coverage. Your current health coverage will end once your new coverage starts. For example, if you have tri-care or Medicare plan, you will no longer receive benefits from that plan once this new plan starts. So your humana plan will discontinue at the end of this month and the well care will start the first of February. At the end of this application, you'll be asked to confirm the accuracy of your answers which will be recorded. Please confirm that you give consent by saying yes. Perfect. Your response to the form is voluntary. However, failure to respond may affect enrollment in the plan. We have interpreted service to answer any questions you have about the health of drug plan. To get an interpreter, you just call 8363-4227-TTY-711. This is a free service in the following languages are included. Spanish, Chinese, Togla, French, Vietnamese, German, Korean, Russian, Arabic, Italian, Portuguese, French, Crio, Polish, Hindu, genotide, Thai and Japanese. Someone who speaks those languages can help you. You're not required to provide any health-related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in this plan. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in the plan. We do comply with applicable federal several rights laws and do not discriminate on the bias of race, color, national, origin, age, disability or sex. Before making enrollment decision, it is important that you fully understand the plan's benefits and rules. Based on what we've discussed, please confirm that you're likely to enroll in the well care no premium open. 873-233-010-PPO with an effective date of February 1st, 2024, and the plan premium is $0.00 is this correct? Perfect. You're doing great. I'm confirming that if you're in an existing plan, you want to switch from your current plan to this plan, is this also correct? Awesome. If you're ready to enroll, then we'll fill out the application and process your signature. Once we complete the signature, Diana, I will give you an application number for your reference. I'll tell you when to expect these materials in the mail, and I'll also provide you with a customer service number for your reference. Are you ready to enroll now? Awesome. Now, as we proceed with completing the application, please provide me with the middle initial as it appears on your red, white, and blue cards. Do you have a middle initial on that card? Go ahead and provide me the Medicare ID number on that card, please. Perfect. And part A effective date, and so that's the effective date. That's when you started receiving Medicare on November 1st, 2009, for part A and part B. Go ahead and verify your date of birth again, and your gender and your phone number. Well, you can confirm 726-225-1422 is your mobile phone, and then I have your... 726-225-1422, and that's the cell phone number. And then I have your home phone number 210-257-9261. 926-161. Perfect. Awesome. So, go ahead and verify your address for me. Perfect. Is there a different mailing address I should note of? Are you Hispanic, Latino, or Spanish origin, and your race? Would you like to receive your plan information in a different language format other than English? If an accessible format is needed, please let me know which format preference you would like. We have audio over the phone, large print, braille, or accessible screen reader. Most people choose large print. Perfect. So, please provide me with the primary physicians name and address. So, we have Daniel Colum, and I have his address is 732-3 MarBach Road, MarBach Road. Got it. You know, I have a one to give me to city in San Antonio. So, I have Daniel Colum, 732-3 MarBach Road, Texas, and that's San Antonio. Got it. We're using the election period to make the plan change is Medicare. There was a change in your Medicaid status. So, that's why we're able to make the change today, making it effective. Okay. Will you have other prescription drug coverage in addition to this plan? Okay. Are you a resident in a long-term care facility such as a nursing home? Are you enrolled in a state Medicaid program? Perfect. Will you or your spouse be employed to want to enroll in this plan? Okay. Once enrolled, will you have other medical coverage where you're covered as a subscriber or a dependent? Okay. If you must pay a part D income related adjustment amount, you will be required to pay this extra amount in addition to the plan premium. The amount is usually taken out of your social security benefit or you may get a bill from Medicare. You don't have to pay that. You must continue to pay a part eight if applicable in your part beat premium. We will not collect any premium at this time, but we need to know how you like to pay. None of that applies to you because this is a zero premium plan, so there's no way we can build zero, so you won't get a bill. Please note that if you have extra help in your enroll in a plan with your coverage, you may experience a premium or a co-pay if your extra help levels change. Now, to finish your enrollment, we need to go through some important legal information. I'm going to now play the CMS required disclaimer. I need you to stay on the phone for the recording disclaimer. If you have any questions or any recording, Diana, just ask me to stop the recording. Don't hang up. Otherwise, the enrollment will not be complete. After listening to the disclaimer, if you agree to what you heard, I will proceed to obtain a verbal signature. We're going to get that recording playing now. You have my name, my phone number, the name of your plan. If you have any questions, you want to call me, I am your agent. I'm going to get that plan for us now. Let's not stop plan for us now. Well, care is a Medicare Advantage plan and has a contract with the federal government. I will need to keep my Medicare part say in B. I can only be in one Medicare Advantage plan at a time, and I understand that my enrollment in this plan will automatically end my enrollment in another Medicare health plan. It is my responsibility to inform you of any prescription drug coverage that I have or may get in the future. Enrollment in this plan is generally for the entire year. Once I enroll, I may leave this plan or make changes only at certain times of the year. If an enrollment period is available, for example, annual enrollment periods of October 15, December 7, or under certain special circumstances, well care serves a specific service area. If I move out of the area that well care serves, I need to notify the plan so I can just enroll and find a new plan in my new area. Once I am a member of well care, I have the right to appeal plan decisions about payment of services if I disagree. I will read the evidence of coverage document from well care when I get it to know which rules. I must follow to get coverage with this Medicare Advantage plan. I understand that people with Medicare are usually covered under Medicare while out of the country except for limited coverage near the US border. I understand that beginning on the date well care coverage begins. I must get all of my health care from well care except for emergency or urgently needed services or out of area dialysis services. Services authorized by well care and other services contained in my well care evidence of coverage document, also known as the member contractor's subscriber agreement, will be covered. Without authorization, I need a Medicare no well care will pay for the services. I understand that if I am getting assistance from a sales agent, broker, or other individual employed by are contracted with well care, here she may be paid based on my enrollment and well care dot release of information. By joining the Medicare health plan, I acknowledge that the Medicare health plan will release my information to Medicare and other plan as is necessary for treatment, payment, and healthcare operation. I also acknowledge that well care will release my information including my prescription drug event data to Medicare, who may release it for research and other purposes which follow all applicable federal statutes and regulations. Information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of my knowledge. I understand that if I intentionally provide false information on this form, I will be disenrolled from the plan. I understand that my signature or the signature of the person authorized to act on my behalf under the laws of the state where I live on this application means that I have read and understand the contents of this application. If signed by an authorized individual, as described above, this signature certifies that one, this person is authorized under state law to complete this enrollment. And two, documentation of this authority is available upon request from Medicare. Perfect. Diana, do you understand and agree to the statements reviewed in this call including the intention to enrol in the plan? Do you understand that you're enrolling in the plan well care, no premium open 87323-010PPO for a monthly premium of no more than $0 and the plan proposed effective date is February 1, 2024, subject to approval of Medicare? Perfect. Today is January 11, 2024 to confirm your application and to acknowledge the information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of your knowledge. You understand that if you intentionally provide false information on this form, you will be disenrolled from the plan. To enroll you in the well care, well care, no premium open 87323-010PPO, please state your full name and today's date. 11th. Perfect. Go ahead and repeat your first and last name in the date again, please. 11th. January 11th. January 11th, 2024 is today's date. Please state your full name and today's date. Perfect. Thank you, saving your application and submitting it now. That could please the application process, Diana. Well care will send you confirmation that the application was received. We'll also notify you by mail the status of this enrollment. The Centers of Medicare and Medicaid Service collect information from Medicare plans to track beneficiaries enrollment in Medicare advantage or prescription drug plans and prove care for the payment of Medicare benefits. Section 1851 and 1860D-1 of the Social Security Act 42 CFR authorizes the collection of this information. CMS may use this Quosar Exchange enrollment data from the Medicare beneficiaries that is specified and the systems of records notice. Medicare advantage prescription drug system number 09-70-0588. Your response to the form is voluntary. However, failure to respond may affect the enrollment in the plan. We also like to make sure that this experience was conducted appropriately and staying in contact with you by phone and other methods. Using the information you provided us, we can contact you at 726-225-1422 if we need to reach you by phone. Perfect. So grab your pen and paper. I do have your confirmation number ready for you now. So your confirmation number is H like Harry, H like Harry, the letter P like Peter, the letter T like Thomas, 104, 66, 11. Can you repeat that back to me so I can make sure you have the right number? Make your doing great. Before we get off the phone, I just want to remind you that if you have any questions you'd like to check on the enrollment status of benefits you can call me and you have my number. I am your agent of record or you can call customer service. So let me provide you customer services number. Okay? Let me know in your 1-866-230-0513. Read that back to me. Perfect. I'm available Monday through Friday 9-2530 if you need to reach me. Okay? You can call me 9-530. If I'm not available, leave me a message and Miss Diana, I will call you back. Okay? We completed your application on today 1124 at 1135 my time. Okay? Yes. So I sent you a text message with the phone numbers from help.org. Those are two agencies that can help with your electricity bill. So don't forget that those are in your text messages. Those two numbers, you click on it and give them a call, explain to them what's going on. And if they have funds available, they will assist you. Okay? That's why I gave you two agencies just in case because sometimes they run out of funds, you know? So you can call the next one and get better luck with that. Now customer service is available 7 days a week from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Okay? If you need to reach them. Our final step of the enrollment process, I'm going to transfer you over to an enrollment verification agent. They're just going to do a quick survey. Okay? It's another number I want to give you because you do need to, well, what I can do is I'll call you back in about 30 minutes and get you connected to Medicaid so you can apply for your Medicaid. Or you can go ahead and it'll give you some time to call those two agencies and see about the electricity bill. So if I don't call you back first, you can call me when you're ready to call Medicaid. Yes. So we're going to get you over to enrollment verification. Then you're going to call the two numbers that I sent in the text so you can get the utility bills taken care of. That's important. So you want to do that first and then when you finished doing that, you call me back on my direct number. Okay? All right. Awesome. Awesome. I'm glad to be of assistance. So just hold the moment. We got a plan. I'm getting you connected now. Miss Diana, one more moment. You're welcome. Miss Diana, I do have you connected now to an enrollment verification specialist. I'll be waiting on your call once you've finished calling those two agencies. Okay? Perfect. You're welcome. Hi, Miss Langoria. This is Lydia. I'm here on the Clear Match customer care team. Are you having a good day so far? Great. And I'm going to keep this short and sweet and get you off the phone. And I'm also a dog lover. So that's totally fine with me. And so and she she's probably also doing that because you're on the phone. That's so cute. All right. So you enrolled in this walker. No premium open plan. Do you have Miss Melissa Hills full name, phone number and extension? Okay. If you need her. Okay. Great news. Lastly, I want to ensure that we have your permission to call. If there's any needed follow up by saying yes, you're simply consisting and agreeing that we can call text or voicemail you because in the next 10 to 14 days, you're going to receive two envelopes. One's going to be the welcome packet. One's going to be the ID card. We are going to call. Make sure you got it. See if you have any additional questions at that time. I want to thank you for enrolling with us. Is there anything else today that I can assist you with before I let you go? Okay. All right. Well, that completes everything. You have a great rest of the day. It was my pleasure. Thank you. Bye-bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Yes, it is. Okay. Hold up. Hold on. Let me get it. I don't know. Hold it. Okay. Got it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yes. Yes. Yes. No. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'll call you back at your direct number. Yes. Yes. That'll work. That'll help me. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. So far. Daisy. Yeah. Can you mark that anything or anybody? That's... I don't like that. And I wish I had that thing. But I don't. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um. No, that was it because I was asking her to help with the life in the bill. But um. No, that's about it. Okay. Thank you. Bye-bye.