Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hello, my name is Sadia Redden and I'm calling you from Clear Match Medicare and I'm just following up on a request for information about your Medicare benefits. Was that for you? Okay, so do you have Medicare, ma'am? Is that the insurance? Okay. Who are you having the trouble with? Is it the insurance company with well care? Yeah, it sounds like it. Okay, all right. Let me see if we can do that. So you recently moved, ma'am? Is it? Okay. Okay. All right. And you have that same plan and then for some reason this year, you no longer have it. Okay. Well, I'd be happy to see what we can do just to get you enrolled in a plan. So you have coverage. Could I have your first and last name, please? Okay. And your date of birth, please? And could I have your zip code also, please? Okay. And you are in Bryan County. Okay. Now, I do want to let you know this call is recorded for quality and training purposes. We may not offer every plan available in your area, but currently it looks like we do have six different carriers and 63 different plans. To get all of your options, they would be on Medicare.gov or you call 1-800 Medicare or your local state health insurance program. But I mean, I have access to pretty much most of the major carriers in the area. Now, I do want to make sure that your doctors that you currently are seeing that they're going to be covered in the network. Who is your primary care doctor? Thomas Garner. Okay. And do you visit him in Richmond Hill or Richmond Hill, Georgia? Okay. All right. And do you have any other doctors? What was his last name again, please? Spelman. Okay. And Richmond Hill on Gandy Dancer. Is that right? Okay. All right. Okay. All right. So, Dr. Spelman may be the one. Okay. All right. Now, I can go over a couple of plans here with you that might work for you. Before I do that, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services does require that I review some disclosures with you. So, I'm just going to play a quick recording here, and then I'll be back. Okay. Friday, January 12, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan-slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan-slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 7-1-1 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by Autodilor or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. All right, and were you able to hear the recording? And do you understand and agree to the recording, including receiving calls and texts to your phone number? Okay, all right, so Dr. Spellman is a network with SIGNA, also as well as well-care. And now is that an important doctor for you to keep Dr. Spellman as your orthopedic or is he pain management? Okay, so that is very important, okay. All right, so we'll take a look at some SIGNA plans here and see how they would work. Okay, now do you receive any other benefits besides Medicare, like the Medicare Savings Program, or extra help? You do, okay. Right, and that's with the well-care HMO, yeah, and that one does have the low co-payments for doctors. It may be hard to find that quite honestly with another plan, but let me see. Yeah, it looks like most of the SIGNA plans have a $30 co-payment for the specialist. Yeah, well why don't you take a look at your Medicare and see what the problem is as far as your involvement right now. Do you have your Medicare ID number? Could I have that please? All right, and do I have your permission to verify your benefits in the Medicare database? Okay, all right, so let me see what comes up here. It just seems unusual that if you're enrolled, that you're not able to use, and you've tried to use your well-care benefits and your doctors are not able to build well-care. So was that just for the spendables card or for your insurance? Your insurance is not active. Okay, yeah, I'm not sure what I think it may be. So that's why your spendables card wasn't working. You see, if there is a benefit for spendables, there should be, right, on every plan. And that's what you use for over-the-counter benefit, right. Yeah, I know we're coming out with a new card, and then you should be receiving $25 per month, right? Okay. Yeah, I think they may have been talking just about the spendables card. I know there were issues with that, but your insurance should be active as far as I can see. No? Yeah. I don't know how to resolve that. Yeah, I'm not sure. I mean, I'd be happy to change your plan, but if you were looking for that low-co-payment, I may not be able to find that. That's the only thing we could change you over to a signal plan, where your doctors would be covered. The co-payment would be $30 for a specialist $0 for your primary care doctor, and you would also get that over-the-counter allowance as well. It might actually work out. But it's $35 every three months, so that would be a lower amount than what you're currently getting with well-care. Yeah, I wish there was something I could do about... Have you spoken to your doctor at all to see if they're... Yeah, I don't know how to... I mean, we could put in another application, maybe, for the well-care plan, submit it to Medicare and see if that helps. I'd be happy to do that, but I'm not sure for the same plan, yes. Even though it's showing you're already enrolled, but can't hurt. Okay, yes, the well-care-assist HMO $35 premium, and then with your extra help, actually I'm not showing extra help. Is that something new? Let me see... I don't see that you're receiving extra help, not with your Medicare. Just this year you did, because I usually renew that every year in September. According to Medicare, you haven't had extra help since 2018. Did you put in an application that year? Do you remember 2018? Yeah, I think what I'm showing here, just on your Medicare records, is that you may have had Medicaid about 10 years ago. Yes, and that's when the extra help you automatically qualify for extra help when you have Medicaid. That's when it was added on, but it was removed when you no longer had the Medicaid. That may be something also to consider, you would still have to pay the monthly premium for the well-care-assist, the $35. Okay, but that may... That's an extra cost there monthly, so it may make more sense, maybe to... Well, you still have the great benefits, though, with the well-care plan. Okay, so let me just go ahead and just send you an application and we'll try this and see if it works. And your primary care doctor is Dr. Thomas Garner, correct? Okay, all right. And what I can do, actually, is just send you a text message with a link to an enrollment application. This court, and it'll go to... Are we on your cell phone right here? 646, 964, 7557? Okay, all right. I'm going to send that over to you now. And then if you just touch that link, that will open up the enrollment application. And everything should be filled in for the most part. There are a couple of questions where you respond, yes or no. But just keep going forward. After you check everything, make sure it's accurate. Keep going forward to next step. That's asking if you have any other health insurance, maybe through an employer, or anything besides your Medicare. All right, was there something maybe that was missed? Or... There are two check boxes. I acknowledge, and then by clicking this box, those are checked. One is the first one chosen. I am completing... Okay, that should be fine. And then the box under your name is checked as well. And then when you go on submit application, what happens? Are you able to refresh the screen? Do you have an iPhone? Just hold your thumb and pull down from... Yes, just anywhere on the screen if you hold and pull down. Do you have Safari? Is your browser or which browser? Chrome. Yeah, that should work. Where you just hold down the screen and pull down until you see reload at the top of the screen. Okay. Oh, good. Okay, and what is that confirmation number? Okay. All right. So with Medicare accepts this application, it will go into February 1st. But it will be sent over to well-care as well. So hopefully this will resolve the issue for you. I'm not sure what's going on there, but hopefully this will resolve it. It will just be like your a new member. And you should receive everything in the mail again from well-care. They may send you a new card, both an ID card and a spendable card as well. Okay. All right. Now before I let you go here, I'm going to transfer you over to an enrollment verification representative. They're just going to double check everything and make sure it's all accurate. Okay. My name is Sadia Redden, and I'm a licensed agent. You're very welcome. One moment here, please. Hi, Ms. Quart. Hi, my name is Alicia Gwanda. I'm part of Clear Match Customer Care Team. May I advise that this call will be monitored and recorded for quality and training purposes. Today, I'm confirming your enrollment into the well-care assist HMO with the contract ID, H1112, hyphen 043, with the effective date of February 1st of 2024. Is this correct? Yes, ma'am. I'd like to confirm that you've got your agent's full name and direct contact information, as she will be your Medicare advisor moving forward. That's going to be Sadia Redden. And could you please confirm that your agent reviewed your prescription medications and doctors that are important to you? Yes, ma'am. I would like to ensure that we do have your permission to cough those in any needed follow-up. By saying yes, you are confirming that you agree and consent for our company to contact you with phone calls, voice bells, and text messages, containing information about our products and services. We may use an auto-dialer or pre-recorded message for these communications. You are not required to consent to make a purchase. You are agreeing to receive these communications at this number, even if the numbers on a do not call list. Do you agree? And we'd like to thank you for enrolling with Sadia Redden. Please let it hesitate to reach out to your agent if you have any questions about your new coverage and have a great rest of your day. Thank you. Bye-bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Yes, I was currently enrolled in a Medicare plan and I got a letter in the mail stating that that plan was no longer going to be accepted in Brian County. That's where I'm at. And I made one phone call to my insurance. And it's been nothing but a problem. I got dropped. And now they're trying to fix it through a reenrollment. It hasn't been done. It's been like two weeks. I'm sick of it. I'm over it. I'm ready to move on and reenroll with somebody else. I do. Well care. It's well care. Yeah, because I call the Medicare. And they're telling me the medical medical plan is active on our end, Ms. Court. And I'm like, OK, so it's active on your end. But then I call well care. And they're telling me it's not active on their system. And that it's dropped. And so what am I supposed to do? And they're like, Oh, so talk to them and have a reenrollment, you know, have them reenroll you or the enrollment people just do what they have to do or whatever. Everybody's giving me like the run around. And here it is. Yeah, it's like ridiculous. How long does it so I told them I says, I don't understand if I was Joe blow from the street and I just called and I said, I want to be enrolled in well care. You would enroll me in 20 minutes. I will be enrolled. But yeah, I've been with this plan with well care for freaking years since I was in New York. And they're giving me this run around. And now it's been more than a week. I have no medical insurance. I have appointments that I need to go to. And nobody's giving me answers. No, I didn't recently move. I've been in Georgia for two and a half years now. And so I moved my well care New York plan to well care Georgia. Right. Yeah. Okay. Mm hmm. Angelica, last name, C-O-R-T, eight, twenty, sixty six, three, one, three, two, four. I am. Okay. Okay. My primary care doctor right now is Thomas Gardner. Yeah. Rich Mitchell. Yes. That's the only doctor that I really see. I have, you know, an orthopedic doctor that I see. Let me see. Okay. I go to Chatham, Chatham, orthopedic. Dr. Gregory, Bellman. Bellman, Dr. Gregory, Bellman. Yeah. Those are the least doctors that I see really have ear doctors and stuff like that. But I can change ear doctors. That's not a problem. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He, well, I have a simulator implant and he's the one who that is managing it. Okay. Okay. Basically what I would need for my budget for myself. I need the co-payments to the specialist to be at least $10 or $15. It can't be more than $15. I can't afford it. I would like a dental and vigilant and vision plan to be included and a fitness because I am enrolled in the gym in the why I do receive extra help. Yeah. So right now, well, my premium was, it was supposed to be $35 and it went down to zero because I was receiving extra help. Right. For the specialist, you know, I see my specialist, you know, often. And so I cannot afford it. I do. Yeah. Medicare ID number is eight. J is in John. W as in wash number one. W as in wash. J is in John. Number one. G as in Greg T as in Tom to nine. Yeah. Yeah. No, I didn't even try going to the doctor because I so what happened was the way I found out was they send me a new well care spendable card is supposed to have for over the counter. You know, allowance in there. And so I said something told me to just call them and find out what the balance was. So I call to find out what the balance was before I went to CVS. And they're telling me, oh, it's a zero balance. Your account is closed. I'm like, what do you mean my account is closed. And she's like, oh, give me a second. It is been a whole week. I've spoken to four supervisors, eight members services people. I have all the names. And nobody is able to fix this problem. Everybody keeps throwing it to somebody else. And then they keep telling me, oh, miss court, we're going to call you back. And nobody calls me back. So I'm like, this can't I can't go on like this another week. Like this is ridiculous. Yeah. No, that was she told me there was zero balance on my spendables cards because in the system for well care, it shows that it's not active. But on Medicare end, it shows as if it's okay. So she was exactly so Medicare tells me Medicare tells me it's an enrollment problem. I said, okay, I'll call them. I call them and it's been over a week and they can't seem to fix the problem. So if you can't fix the problem and I have currently no medical insurance, what can I what am I supposed to do with that? Right. Yeah. Well, I was using a well care visa card that they had. And but this year, they send this new card, which is called well care spendables. And this was supposed to replace the well care visa card. Exactly. They're supposed to be $25 over the counter spending limit every month that'll just roll over if you don't use it. I have all the information, all the welcome letters, everything is good. And then I call them and I have no account. It's been closed. I'm like, this doesn't make any sense. I'm like, who just decided to just close my account because it wasn't me. No, as far as you can see through Medicare in the Medicare system, it shows as active. But in the well care system, it's a problem. And so if I go, I don't know, I don't know how to resolve that myself. And then the problem is if I go to a doctor, what's going to happen? Because don't they verify your insurance with well care? They're going to call well care to verify that everything is fine. And then well care is going to tell them that it's not active because it's showing not active on their end. But it's active on the Medicare end. I called the doctor. Yes, I called the doctor to have an upcoming appointment and I called the doctor. Well, I called the office and I spoke to the girls at the reception. And they told me that I needed to call well care and get that situated because you know, I told them I told them the problem. And they say, yeah, but we can't just take you in for your appointment. If it's showing in active to the same plan. Okay, I mean, we can we can go ahead and try that with its well care assist, right? I don't, I'm not, no, it's not new. It's been the whole time. I've been getting it the whole time. Really? Because I don't have the letter in front of me, but I definitely got a letter stating that I was receiving that I was going to receive extra help. No, I haven't received, I haven't received it this year. I have the letters. I don't know where I have this letter right now. But I definitely have for the letter for last year. Really? I don't remember to be honest with you. I don't think I ever put in the application for anything. I just received the letter after I was enrolled in well care stating that I was going to be receiving extra help. So I'm not even sure how that worked out is it? I'm not even sure. No, I didn't have that. Yes, about 10 years ago. Right? Okay. Okay. That's fine. That's not a problem. It comes out of my disability. Yeah. The plan is a very good plan. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. I got it. Yeah. I see it. I don't understand this. I don't understand the question. It says once enrolled, will you have other medical health coverage where you are the subscriber or covered as a spouse dependent? I see. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm clicking submit application and it's not going through. I'm looking. I mean, I'm going back and everything looks written. Yep. The only one that doesn't seem to be like, hi, it says who is enrolling and it looks like it says I am completing my enrollment form on my own. I am the authorized legal representative that looks like it's a little bit like off. Okay. So, yes, I click submit application. It's not going through. How do I refresh the screen? I do. From the top. Okay. That's not working. That's not working. I'm not sure. I'm not. Yeah. I see it now. Okay. It looks like it's doing something. Okay. Let's go again. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. It looks like that went through. Okay. I got a confirmation. It's H, P, P, one, zero, four, eight, one, seven, four. Right. Yeah. Right. Okay. Perfect. Yeah. Okay. Perfect. And your name again. Thank you so much. Yeah. Correct. Yes. She did. Yes. Thank you so much. Bye.