Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling a well care medicare. This calls record for quality and training purposes. My name is Simon. I'm a licensed agent. How can we assist you? What did you say to the zip code once again? Got it. Okay. And the name? Lester. Okay. So I got a different record here. All right. Yeah. Go ahead. Hi, Lester. This is Simon without well care medicare. I'm a licensed agent and recorded line. I can help you with that. It looks like she sent you over here. Did she send you over here from what's called a medicare review? Well, we'll take a look at what you have for benefits. Review that. We can answer any questions. Also make sure that you have all the benefits that you're entitled to. Okay. Right. Right. Yep. Yeah. So I do have some information here. Information I have because it looks like we've got something here. It's not for you though. Your name is Lester. It can verify your telephone number. I want to make sure I have the right one here. Got it. Okay. Zip code was 30171 correct. Got it. Okay. And what is your street address? Your street address? Got it. Thank you. All right. And you said your first name was Lester. L-E-S-T-E-E-R. All right. And can verify your last name Lester. Got it. Okay. And can I verify your date of birth? Okay. Yeah. Is there a Timothy in the household? I had some information for Timothy. Oh, got it. Okay. Your last year's father or Timothy's father? Your Timothy's father? Got it. Okay. Got it. Okay. So by your birth date is 1260-99, right? Where is yours? No. Okay. Hey, but his name is Timothy. All right. So his name is Lester. His name is Lester. Got it. Okay. That's where the confusion came in. All right. Got it. Okay. All right. So we would just... We would also... I thank you for the basic information there. I would also need the Medicare card number. So your Medicare card number, all her red, white, blue, Medicare card, it should have some dashes and input letters. I think you appreciate that. And you said you had power of attorney, right? Yeah. Got it. Got it. Okay. All right. So I'm going to read you a brief statement that just allows me to pull the information from Medicare. Okay. I'm going to read your brief statement. You're on the no obligation to enroll, but I need your consent to the statement before proceeding with plan presentation. And this is an important information provide is correct to the best of your knowledge and attempt to avoid delays and enrollment application being processed. We like to verify information with CMS, which is Medicare. Prior to enrollment submission, do we have consent to complete this verification? So I can verify this number correct. All right. Got it. So if you just go on to Medicare, not too long ago or no. Did he just go on to Medicare? Yeah. When was that? Got it. Okay. Yeah. Because right now, because right now, I'm surprised, because it usually would show an enrollment by then. If he did it in the last week or so, that might be different, but usually it should show an enrollment. It doesn't show any type of enrollment. What's so ever? It doesn't even show. Yeah. It's not even showing me part A or B. It's just showing me that. Got it. Okay. Let me check on the Medicare side. I can pull it through Medicare also. I've just got a log in there one moment here. Yeah. Does he have Medicaid? Doesn't show that he does. Oh, does he? Okay. Okay. Yeah. So I just might not be showing up yet. That's why I was asking if it was pretty new. Sounds like it though. Yeah. So, yeah. So it might not show up. Now, do you know the type of program or plan they put them in? Did they put them into something that coordinates with this Medicaid or gives them any type of benefit? I sure. All right. Yeah. Usually that's what it shows as well as asking. All right. I'm looking in one more spot to see if I can find it. Possibly maybe. There we go. All right. Speable. Yeah. Doesn't even say on Medicare. Doesn't even show. Doesn't show anything. It just shows like brand new brand new. Doesn't show anything. Uh, does show does show that he is enrolled. Yeah. Doesn't show anything as far as Medicaid is what I'm saying. Like low. Usually it'll show something like a low income subsidy or something. Like that or premiums being paid. But it doesn't show that. All right. So yeah. So he is enrolled. And let's look like. Starting. Three. One. All right. So his eligibility just opened. That's why it's not showing. So it doesn't start until March 1st is what they have. This is it's initial. So Blue Cross Blue Shield is what he's got. Yeah. So I'm going to take a look and I can tell you exactly what the benefit what benefit it is. And if it's the right plan. I'll also run as Medicare as Medicare information to see what his Medicaid is because I can run it with a state. All right. So it's good that they did put him in the right kind of plan. They have him and this is Blue Cross dual advantage. So because he's Medicaid status. Medicare Medicaid. So he's eligible for these special types of plan. They would give those types of benefits like what you got transferred about things like payment for rent, utilities, gas, pay at the pump, food, that type of stuff. That comes through his that comes through his Medicare advantage plan. So I'm pulling the information right now to see what it is for Blue Cross. But those types of benefits for now would come through his Blue Cross program. If they give him that, did they go over anything like that with you? Did they go over anything with you about that? About any type of benefits? No. Okay. Yeah. So if you call them and sign up, they should have went over with you. If there was an agent in person. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It looks like 150 every three months. That's a little different. 150 every three months for utilities is what it is. And then it's 500 allowance for dental vision hearing, five for durable equipment. So that's that's similar. We use well, what other companies do like us like Welker? Well, we do is we do it monthly. And it's usually more than that. This is this is dream. What they do is three months though. A little bit different. So yeah, every three months. So yeah. So those benefits like I said, they come through your those benefits come through your plan or program. All right. So I'm yeah. Yeah. That's not a lot. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. So what I'm doing right now is I'm going to I'm going to rerun this information to see what is Medicaid level is. If that even shows up yet, hopefully. And then I can tell you what I'll see is eligible for. If he's eligible for more. If he's not, then I'll just tell you that. Okay. Yeah. But it should also cover things. And no matter what, his if it's depending on a status of Medicare, Medicaid, it should he shouldn't see any medical costs. And that doesn't matter the company. Because that's a Medicare, Medicaid thing. So no matter what company he's with, he should see a lot of a lot of times zero cost for a lot of things, you know, as far as as far as the doctor and prescriptions. They should be zero. You know, if you're not aware to see in that, you probably already saw that. All right. Yeah. So he is eligible for a few things. So I'm just going to look at this really quick. And if he's on the best thing possible, then I, you know, I just know a little. I know. Yeah. Little lucky. There we go. Yeah. Yeah, because they're giving while we can do the math, right? All right. So you can see. Whoops. Yeah. So their blue cross is giving you, and they're, it's limited. So that one 50 is just for utilities. And then blue crosses. So what it is, really what it is with blue cross. Hot full advantage to, oh, it depends on which one you have too. Let me see what you have. You have. You have to look at their actual benefits. You have anthem full dual advantage. Now then, then there's a one and a two. Anthem full dual advantage dual. Oh, okay. So there's, there's anthem full dual advantage too. And then there's anthem full dual advantage. So there's a difference in plans for the blue cross. You have him on anthem full dual advantage, which is not the two. So there's a one and a two. So that, so the one that you're on, all that stuff I read to you, the one that you're on, not offered. So it says, so according, according to blue crosses documents that I'm looking at, which is their plan documents, it says that this stuff that I read to you, the 115 utilities and stuff, that stuff doesn't apply to you. So under your current plan, he wouldn't receive any type of benefit. What's, however, according to blue crosses back, yeah. So yeah, just to make you aware. All right. Now, I did look at some other options. And under well care, he actually would receive a benefit. He would actually get quite a bit more than what he was, but they were even not, even if he was receiving it from blue cross at 150, it would be more. He would receive more. He would receive a benefit. It would roll over from every month to month. So you don't have to worry about it expiring each month, he would just roll over. So if he can't use it, he wouldn't lose it. Yeah, you'd be able to use it for many things. So you'd be able to use it for over-the-counter items, dental vision hearing costs. So example, you use it like a credit card at the doctor, the pay for services. That's what that means. All right. You can use it for food. You can use it for food. You can use it for gas pay at the pump. So not inside the gas station, but at the gas pumps that take the credit cards, you can use it at those gas pumps to pay for gas for a car. You can use it for utility assistance. So things like cable, tv, service, mobile phone, internet, gas, electricity, things like that. You can use it for rent assistance or housing expenses, so like your credit card. So yeah, you can use it for different things. And it's close to $100 a month is what it is for the benefit. Yeah, so quite a bit more, almost a thousand a year. Now, as well as his health care, his costs would remain zero. If I read through this thing, it's zero. You know, his doctor stay hospital, mental health, those types of things, those are all zero dollar. His drugs would all be zero. So any drug that he has or prescription that he has would be zero cost. All that would be zero cost. As far as eyeglasses, it looks like we give you more. So we give him $200 up to $200 every year for eyeglasses, things like that. Dental services still would be covered all at zero, including the expensive type of thing. So if you needed things like distractions, root panels, things like that, usually those are all covered at zero, copay. And I can tell you, yeah, I can tell you the amount here in a minute. Hearing as well as hearing aids and stuff, those would be covered too. So and then all those other costs are zero. So the same is blue cross in that way, that all the costs are zero. We would have to look up his and what he would get more money for eyeglasses and hearing aids. Obviously, if he needed them, maybe he doesn't need them. But if he needed them, he would have more money there. Plus, like I said, he would get that benefit. I'll tell you what exactly it is here in a minute, but it's close to $100 is what it is. Or $90 in that neighborhood per month on that other stuff. So much better benefit in that way. Now, he imagined that he'd just get out of the Medicaid. Yeah, because it looks like, because it says start date is March. That's why they have the blue cross saying that it starts in March. So he's still in what's called his IEP. So he can choose whatever he wants. So even if he wanted to change to something before the blue cross change, the blue cross started in March. Whatever he chose would also start in March. But he has the right to do so. He has the right to do so. So if he wanted to do something different for him, you do have the right to do so. But, of course, obviously, you've got to do that before March. Yeah, to make sure that it starts in March, because that's when it starts in March. So yeah, so yeah, because it's his first time going out to Medicare. So he must have been on Medicaid and disability for at least two years, right? Or more? Yeah, right, yeah, yeah. Yeah, okay. All right. Yeah, yeah. All right. So what I'm going to do is for us so I can actually tell you the amount. Because I can't tell you the amounts until I do this. So what I have to do is I have Medicare requires a play recorded disclaimer, why the recordings play and now search for information about the benefits we talked about, which I already have. Once the recording is done, I'll be able to tell you the actual amounts. All right. So all right. So I'm going to play this. It is going to say something about us talking about Medicare. Obviously, that's what we're doing. It's also going to say something about doing a call that just means if I get the phone call drops, I can call you back. All right. Let me go. Here we go. Monday, January 15, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information, unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare Advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract, and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, text at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message, even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. Back to it here, all up in the place. For him, on his benefit with well care, of course we would check doctors and prescriptions to make sure that everything works before we do anything, but if you were to do well care, it would be $80 a month, so it does roll over for month to month, so it's $960 a year, so quite a bit more than the Blue Cross because if we do, it will take out the calculator, right? Blue Cross is 150 and that was just for utilities. That wasn't for anything else. 150 for utilities, and if you divide that by $3, that's $50 a month, right? I mean, easy math. Yeah, yeah, so we're, we have to give him at least $30 more a month, so three times the, so $90 more in three months than Blue Cross, so $80 a month plus it's monthly. It does roll over for month to month, so you don't lose it. It's not like a quarter, so like with the Blue Cross, if it's 150 a quarter, that means if it's a quarterly benefit, you got to use it in that 90 days, and if you don't, it's gone. But with us, it would stay. Yeah, you could not use the card. Finally, use the card in December, and you would have $960 on it. All right. And then like I said, it can be used for over-the-counter items, so things like adicroger, or big store like a Walmart or a Walgreens or CVS for things like over-the-counter vitamins, pain relievers, it can be used for dental vision hearing benefits. Like I said earlier, pay the provider like a card, like a credit card. It can be used for food at 33 different locations. Again, like Croger or Walmart, big stores, most of the big stores, you can be used for gas pay at the pump, so not at the cash register, but at the actual pump. It can be used for utility. Yeah, it can be used for utility expenses, which is the water, the heating oil, the natural gas, the electricity trash, cable, all that stuff. Rent assistance, like I said before, or housing expenses. So that helps there. And then with the dental, we do pay for all the preventative, so any teeth cleaning or fluoride, or any of the basic stuff you do as a kid, that type of stuff that's paid for, there's $1,000 for the comprehensive, which is all zero-dollar co-payment, so we wouldn't pay a co-payment because there's Medicare Medicaid coverage. Nobody would have $1,000 per plan year just for the comprehensive, just for anything expensive, like roof panels, extractions, dentures, parcels, inlays, things like that. And then as far as vision, $200 for glasses, all the routine highway routine exams, vision exams are all zero-dollar co-payment. And then the hearing, as far as hearing, hearing exams are zero dollars that he would get also twice as much, because Blue Cross is 500, but we pay $1,000 per year, so $2,000 for hearing aids that he ever needed them, so twice as much as what they were given them in that regard. So everything else is zero-dollar also, as far as the health and the drugs, like I said before, so yeah, that would not change. None of that changes, that's what I was saying, is none of that changes. You want to make sure that you have a type of plan that coordinates, which is the special needs plan, which is the same thing as Blue Cross. So as far as a plan or program-wise, it's similar to Blue Cross as far as the health care, that's what I was saying. The difference is, of course, obviously the company, because it's a different company, but also the difference is also the benefit. So like I said, the health care, no matter who you choose really honestly, no matter who the company is, because of his situation, because of his Medicare Medicaid, that all stays zero-dollar. That doesn't change. The thing that does change, in every year, that's why it's important to go over this stuff every year. The stuff that does change are those benefits. For example, last year we didn't do this, but this year we do this. Blue Cross might have did something different last year, so they do change, but yeah, so that's the benefits that I went over are the greatest benefits that are out there that are available to. But you don't know unless you pause, because we do look at all carriers. Yeah, but yeah, so we can't enroll them in that. We can't change it. Of course, it wouldn't take effect until March 1st, because that's not until his Medicare start or his Medicare or Medicaid starts. Her Medicaid is active right now, but it's Medicare. Yeah, all right. So we would have to check his prescriptions and his doctors, do you know his doctors, and do you know his prescriptions, or does he take any? Okay. What pharmacy does he use? Oblux? All right. Yeah, I know that food garden, all that stuff is also taken in public. That's one of the stores. All right. Oblux. Who uses, whoops, we use your ones. Is that the one in Carter'sville, or is it a different area? All right. Okay. All right. You said you don't know the name of it. Do you have the bottle? Got it. Okay. I have no clue what it is. All right. You know, his doctor is. Oh, okay. Okay. All right. Yeah, so if you don't know right off the hand, what we can do is I can call you back later when you're back at home or you can call me. I can give you my phone number. Yeah, and then, yeah. Yeah, in that way, I can, you know, you call me back or I call you back, whatever. And we just get the information when you're back at home. Yeah. Yeah. So what I needed is that one prescription, the dosage, how many times that he takes it per day, like once or twice or whatever, you know that. And then his primary care doctor's name, and any specialist that he goes to, if you have any, if you know of any, that's not there. You look at it. Right. Right. Right. All right. Do you have, do you at least have a pen and paper on you? Okay. Okay. Didn't know if you got one. All right. Awesome. All right. So I'm going to give you my phone number. And when you get back to the house, you can give me a call. I'll be here until I'm on Eastern Standard Time. I'll be here until about seven o'clock. Right. So all right. I'll give you. All right. My name is Simon S I M O N S I M O N. Yep. Yep. Molina M O L I N A Molina Molina like Molina Health Care M O L I N A. Yep. Yep. And I'll give you. Yeah. M O L M O L. I'm like a Mary asked Mary asked her Lima. And then Indigo November Alpha I N A. Yep. And I'll give you my phone number. My phone number is 844 9 A 1 1 4 0 7 9 844 9 A 1 1 4 0 7. Yep. I have an extension. It's 1485. But sometimes it's easier. 1485. But sometimes lately it's been easier just to ask for me by name. Get a live person to ask for me. Because the extension has been weird. But yeah. So you can do that. Yeah. So once you get those that information, give me a call back. I'll put you on my call list. Lester or I know we're calling for him. I'll put you on my call list. I'll call you back. All right, Tim. And then okay. So I'll speak in a little bit or you or you call me first. Have a good one. Bye-bye. You're welcome. Bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hi Simon, I have Leicester on the line. His zip code is a 30171 date of birth is going to be 1216 of 99. He is Medicare A and B in Advantage plan and he has Medicaid. But he has been getting some charges for prescription so we'd like to figure out why it's not consistent if we can minimize that. Go over vision dental and hearing with them and then he'd like to see if he qualifies for a utility, healthy food and transportation benefit. Can you help him out with this? The zip code is 30171. All right, is Leicester. All right, Leicester, have you on the line with the agent and he'll help you out from here, okay, Hen? Okay, thank you. You're very welcome. All right, okay, thank you. Okay, 448314676. Yes, sir. Where's what's her? Oh, 338 Calico Valley Road, Northeast, rival. Yes, sir. LESP or Willis W.I. L.I.S. 121699. Yes, sir. I'm his father, sir. Yes, sir. I am Pimuthy. Everything that goes through to Leicester comes through me, yes, sir. I was caregiver now. Yeah, no, he's his. Everything I'm giving you is him. No, no, his name is Leicester. My name is Pimuthy, but I, yes, sir. Okay, okay, I give you just a moment. Let me get it out. Okay, it's the rewatt and blue one and it's going to be the Medicare number. It will be 6M11-BF2-VR03. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. You do, sir. Yeah, yeah, well, we just got him started on the part C. I got all that approved. No thing, you know, it should be approved. Yeah, it's been about a month or two ago. Most, it, I've, I've got the car for AMB and they get, they get, they said it was approved. Yes, sir, he has been, he has, yeah, Medicaid and Medicare. Yeah, I'm not sure on that, sir. Okay. Right, yes, sir. And now, sir, not yet. Yeah, yeah, okay, yeah, yeah, yes, sir. They did, whenever I got there, part C. Yes, he went over some stuff with me. Yes, he did. Yes, right, right. Right, that's not a lot either. Okay, okay. That's good. Oh, that's not good. Okay, okay, yes, sir. Okay. Okay. Okay, great. Uh, he, he said both from, for a little while. Okay. Okay. Right. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Okay. Yes, I do. Okay. Yes, sir. Right. Right. That's not great. Yes, sir. Right. Okay. Excuse me. Uh, this is all still going to remain, remain, uh, Medicaid and Medicare. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. Yeah. All right. Okay. Okay. Right. Okay. All right. Okay. That's right. Okay. Uh, yes, sir. He takes a pill for, uh, as uh, seizures. I can't think of the name of it right now, but I mean, yes, that's all I want. That's all I want. He has to take. Uh, we use publics. Okay. Uh, yes, sir. Yes, sir. Uh, I don't with me now. Not right now. Don't, sir. Uh, yes, sir, he, uh, he goes to a primary doctor at the urgent care. That's the same place I have my primary doctor. Uh, and I can't make his name right all pan. Uh, yeah, I can get it if I need to. You know, for you, um, it's okay. I don't, what's that? Right. That would be, uh, that would be good. Okay. Just do it. Right. Yes, sir. Okay. Uh, he has, yeah, he has one for a neurologist. I, uh, there again, I'd have to, you know, be back at home. Okay. Before he, yeah. Uh, uh, uh, uh, hang on a sec. Yes, sir. I'll get one. Okay. Yes, sir. I have a pen paper. Okay. Yeah. It's, uh, I am a wind. What's that, sir? No, okay. Okay. And spare it one more time. I don't know. Okay. Okay. It's 148, sir. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's good. Okay. Thank you.