Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Aaron, hi, it's Adam LeBose from WellCare. All right. Good. How are you? All right. So, first off, I just need to play a recorded message. It's from the center of Medicare and Medicaid Services. It's short. It's about 90 seconds. All right. So I'm going to just pop that on. And I will be right back. One second there. Okay. Here we go. I'm going to put it on now. All right. Monday, January 15, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan-slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan-slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 7-1-1 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by Autodilor or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. Okay, thank you for your patience Aaron. I appreciate that. Now do you understand and agree to this claim where I played including receiving calls and texts to your number? Okay, all right. Also before I forget, can I get your address where you are now? Your current address. Thornwood Drive? Thornwood, right. Okay. Thornwood Drive. Gotcha. It's a private house, right? There's no apartment number or anything like that, right? Okay. All right, very good. Thank you. All right. Now first off, I need to check your eligibility status on the Medicare website. So for that, we would just need your red wine blue Medicare card. You know how? Oh, yeah, I know. I'm sorry to hear that. Wow. Well, I can look it up on the Medicare website. I just need your social security number on that. Yep. 294. Okay. Very good. Thank you. All right. So let's look it up here. Just need to read you this quick paragraph. It's important that the information provided is correct to the best of your knowledge and attempt to avoid delays of your enrollment application being processed. We'd like to verify your information with CMS prior to enrollment submission. We have your consent to complete this verification. Please note that we'd like to thank you. We, that during this validation, CMS may provide additional details regarding your eligibility, which consists your life sales agent with choosing a plan that best fits your needs. So we're looking it up on the the national Medicare database here. Let's find out some information and. Okay. 21. Okay. Do you have any family in Florida by chance? I had a friend named Robin Kay. No. All right. Yeah. That's true. That's true. I would like to be there myself. Yeah. It's kind of nice. Let's see here. 97. Okay. Okay. Okay. I see. I see on the Medicare site here. You haven't changed your your address with social security yet, which is. No, which is good. That's a good thing. Because we can use this. We can use this. Enrollment, this SEP for this enrollment. So we're going to use. You need to have like a special reason that you're going to switch. Yeah. So that's that's called an SEP. Special enrollment period. So that will be moving moving as a special enrollment period. So there you go. Okay. All right. So you don't have any Medicaid. I see. All right. Not a problem. Very good. We got that. Let's move ahead here. All right. It's pulling up what's available in your area. Okay. You're not a veteran by chance. Well, what happened there? Yeah. You're right. Oh. Oh, okay. All right. Did you hear that noise? Oh, there was a. There was a. Sounded like someone was getting electrocuted. Oh, all right. All right. I'm going to try. I'll try to make this as fast as possible for you. We'll try to do this very quickly. Yeah. Now let's see here. I'm just comparing the plans here that we have. All right. Now, do you have a primary care doctor that you got? You need one. Okay. All right. We'll look that up for you. Let's see. But yeah. There are distance away. Yeah. I understand. Okay. Sorry. Five. Okay. Okay. I'm going to look up the doctor for us now. Check that out. Okay. All right. Care. Got that. All right. Do you care what's the male a female? No. Okay. All right. Just a little. Okay. Got your doctor. It was a half mile away. Very good. Let's compare this. Oh, yeah. There's an urgent care. If you have a name with doctor. If you go there, for example, and you find a doctor that you like, you could always switch them. You know, that's not a problem to switch doctors on here. But we're just using one for the enrollment right now, just so we could do the enrollment. And they require that you have one. Otherwise, they pick one for you. You don't necessarily want that. Okay. So. Let's see here. All right. All right. So got that. Take care. Do you take any medication, Aaron? Yeah. Give it an inhaler. Do you know the dosage and the name and everything on that? Okay. Let me put that in. How beautiful. Okay. Yeah. If you could check the dosage. I mean, that's kind of important. If you have that or give me an approximate. Okay. Actually, it is the nebulizer, right? Nebulizer. Okay. I got it covered here. Not a problem. Oh, okay. All right. I am CG. Okay. And that's every once a day on that. As needed. Okay. All right. All right. Got that. Very good. We're right ahead here. And what pharmacy do you go to? If you have a pharmacy there. CVS. Okay. Good. Got that. Kroger's. Okay. So I have a Kroger pharmacy. I have a Kroger pharmacy. A50 South Monroe Street. Monroe, Michigan. 48161. Dixie Highway. Okay. Oh, I got it here. Kroger pharmacy. 3833 North Dixie Highway. Monroe, Michigan. Oh, oh, okay. Great. 48162. Perfect. Okay. Got that. All right. So that is covered. As covered here. Oh, let's see. All right. Just going to review that. Okay. So that's a beautiful sulfate HFA. Arrow. 90 MCG. Similar to pro air. 8.5 gram in hailer. Sold in package of 144. Tier two. Quanty limits 0.101 times 1224 gram in hailer. 17 gram in total per 30 days. No prior authorization. No step therapy. And we have Kroger pharmacy, which is a preferred pharmacy. Meaning that your prescription is less expensive. And that's 3833 North Dixie Highway in Monroe. Michigan 48162. All right. So we got that taken care of. And let us move right ahead here. Okay. This is the no premium plan we're looking at here. HMOQS. So we're going to start reading the summary of benefits to you here. All right. And you don't have to necessarily take notes if you, you know, unless you you want to, but you're going to get everything in print. So it's all going to come in, you know, hard copy for you. So this is 2024 well care no premium HMOQPOS. And this is this is the best plan I found in the area of view. The number on his age is in Henry 5475. Yes, 026. And the monthly premium includes both medical and drugs, zero dollars. You must continue to pay your part B premium, no deductible, which is great. Yeah, maximum out of pocket is 500, 500 in network annually. Does not include prescription drugs or 5,500 combined in and out of network annually. Now, this is the most you'll ever pay and copays and co insurance or part A and part B services for the year. I don't think you'll ever even come close to that on this. Inpatient hospital coverage in network for each admission you pay 325 copay for days 1 through 7. Zero dollar copay for days 8 through 90 out of network. And because you can go in and out of network with this plan. Out of network is days 1 through 90 is a 30% co insurance per admission. And doctor visits, if you go to your primary care doctor. It's a zero dollar copay in network out of network 30% co insurance. Specialist a 30 30 dollar copay. It's not bad out of network 30% co insurance. And then you have your preventive care and wellness visits, your cancer screenings, diabetic diabetes screenings, things of that nature, flu shots, zero dollar copay in network 30% out of network. Emergency care 120 dollar copay. Copay is waived a few minutes to the hospital within 24 hours. Worldwide coverage, emergency coverage, 120 dollar copay. Worldwide emergency and worldwide urgently needed services. A subject to a $50,000 maximum planned coverage. And that means if you travel outside the country, they'll give you $50,000 worth of coverage, which is not too bad. It's not too shabby. So worldwide emergency and worldwide urgently needed services. A subject to a $50,000 maximum planned coverage. There's no worldwide coverage for care outside the emergency room or emergency hospital admission. Copay is not waived a few minutes to the hospital for worldwide emergency services. Urgently needed services, 45 dollar copay. Copay is waived a few minutes to the hospital within 24 hours. Worldwide urgent care coverage, 120 dollar copay. Worldwide emergency and worldwide urgently needed services. A subject to a $50,000 maximum planned coverage. The copay is not waived a few minutes to the hospital for worldwide urgently needed services. And then we have hearing services, hearing exam medicate covered. In networks is $30,000 copay and network 30%. Routine hearing exam. In network is $0,000 copay. Out of network not covered. One exam every year. Hearing aids, hearing aid fitting evaluation. In network is $0,000 copay. Out of network not covered. One fitting evaluation every year. Hearing aid allowance. In networks is $0,000 copay. Out of network is $0,000 copay. Out of network is $0,000 copay. Out of network is not covered. Limited to two hearing aids every year. And what you should know, Medicare covers diagnostic hearing and balance exams. If you're a doctor or the healthcare provider or the disease test to see if you need medical treatment. And dental services is $0,000 copay for preventive services. Out of network not covered. Cleaning's 2 every year, dental X-rays 1 every 12 to 36 months, depending on type of service, oral exams 2 every year. Fluoride treatment is zero dollar copay, ad network not covered, 1 every year. Comprehensive services, Medicare covered, in networks, 30 dollar copay, Ad network, 30 Flint, Co-Chord, feeds Medicare covered service, comprehensive services, diagnostic services, In networks, zero dollar copay, ad network not covered, restorative services, in network, is zero dollar copay, ad network not covered. Ended optics, periodontics, extractions, zero dollar copay, ad network not covered, non-routine services, in network zero dollar copay, ad network not covered. For more information limitations and exclusions, please see your evidence of coverage, additional dental limitations, and exclusions apply. What you should know, this plan includes coverage of comprehensive services up to $2,000 per plan year. And vision services, eye exam, in network, Medicare covered, zero dollar copay, all Medicare covered diabetic retinopathy screening, 30 dollar copay, all of the Medicare covered eye exams. Ad network, 30 Flint, Co-Chord, routine eye exam, refraction, zero dollar copay, ad network, one is not covered, which one, I'm sorry, I said again Aaron. Oh, okay, routine eye exam is zero dollar copay, ad network, and ad network, it's not covered. Oh, you do? Oh, wow, okay, yeah, that's, yeah, you definitely need that. Glucomas screening, in network, zero dollar copay for each Medicare covered service, ad network, 30 Flint, Co-Chord, speech, Medicare covered service, eye wear, Medicare covered, in network, zero dollar copay, ad network, 30 Flint, Co-Chord, routine eye wear, contact lenses, eye glass lenses, and frames, eye glass frames. This is zero dollar copay, ad network, not covered, up to 200 dollar combined allowance towards contacts, and glasses, lenses, and frames every year. And then we have ambulance, ground ambulance, and air ambulance, in network, 255 copay, and ad network is 30% Co-Chord charts. So we have that, going on, annual prescription deductible, this is for your prescription drug coverage, this plan has no deductible for part D covered drugs, the payment stage doesn't apply, this payment stage doesn't apply. Initial coverage after you pay deductible, if applicable, you pay the following until your total yearly costs reach 5,030, total yearly drug costs are the total drug cost paid by both you and our plan, what you reach the amount you will enter the coverage gap. Important message about what you pay for vaccines, our plan covers most part D vaccines and no cost to you, even if you have not paid your deductible, your plan has deductible. Important message about what you pay for insulin, you will pay more than $35 for one month supply, $70 for two month supply, or $105 for three month supply of covered insulin products, regardless of the cost sharing tier, even if you do not paid your deductible, if your plan has deductible. So retail cost sharing 30 day up to 100 day supply, tier one preferred generic drugs includes preferred generic drugs may include some brand drugs, is $0.00 and $0.00 copay preferred $10.30 copay standard. generic drugs includes generic drugs may include some brand drugs, $5 and $15, excuse me, copay preferred $15.45 copay standard, just getting over cold, tier three preferred brand drugs includes preferred brand drugs may include some generic drugs. In that preferred $42 and $126 copay standard, $47 and $141 copay. tier four non preferred drugs includes non preferred brand and non preferred generic drugs, 50% and 50% copay standard both preferred and standard, tier five specialty tier includes high cost brand and generic drugs, drugs and this tier are not eligible for payment exceptions for payment of lower tier, 33% copay, it's not available for preferred and standard. Then we have all the tier six select care drugs includes some generic and some commonly used brands, the tree chronic conditions or to prevent disease vaccines, and that's the $0.00 copay and $0.00 copay both preferred and standard. So we got that. Now we have the prescription drug coverage mail order cost sharing and that's 30 day up to 100 day supply if you choose you want to have it delivered from across the street. Preferred generic drugs includes preferred generic drugs may include some brand drugs tier one zero and all copay and zero and all copay preferred $10 and $30 and all copay standard. Two to generic drugs may include generic drugs may include some brand drugs $5.00 copay preferred $14 and $45 copay standard to three preferred brand drugs includes preferred brand drugs may include some generic drugs $42 and $84 copay preferred $47 and $141 copay standard. Tier 4 now preferred drugs includes non preferred brand and non preferred generic drugs $50 and $50 copay standard both preferred standard. Tier 5, especially tier includes high cost brand and generic drugs drugs is tier not eligible for exceptions for payment at a lower tier, 33% copay and not available both preferred and standard and tier 6 select care drugs includes some generic and brand drugs commonly used to treat specific chronic conditions or to prevent disease vaccines. Tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially tier 5, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, especially 4, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this, with this with this, with this, with this, $6 every quarter, so that's every three months you're going to get $86. Your card allowance can be used towards over-the-counter items. Your card can be used at participating retail locations via mobile app, or log into your member portal, the place in order for home delivery. Examples of covered items include brand name and generic over-the-counter items, vitamins, pain relievers, cold analogy items, and diabetic items. More information limitations and exclusions, please see your evidence of coverage. So, we got that out of the way. Now, I just remembered, I called you, so I just need you to call me back. I'm going to, by law, we have to do that. So, I'm going to give you my number. You should have it anyway. So, let me give you that. Okay. Okay, take your time. Okay. All right. So, it's Adam, A-D-A-M, and my last name is Labos. L is in light, A as in Adam, B is in boy, O is in orange, and Z is in zebra. And my number here is 877-581-5373, and my extension 5880-5880. Okay. So, I just need you to please call me right back, and we'll take care of the rest of this. Okay. Thanks so much. Bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  This is there. How's it going Adam? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. No problem. So it is one, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, three, eight, two, one, zero, four, four. Yes, what you do. I did, yes, yes, we got to hang the floor down. Oh, no, my dollar for agent. But I did watch on the floor. We're all Jewish, so you know what? With certain days I'll go floor down. Do I have it? Okay, okay, okay, okay, all right, I did Erby know not, you know, oh yeah I was trying to use some headphones, but they weren't, that's why I was in the middle of the afternoon, okay, I need one. I mean, I do have one, they're by my own house, I mean, I don't care, awesome, must be at the urgent care, must be at the urgent care across the street, yeah, yeah, my, I haven't, you know, a doctor in a while, but I'm not prescribed anything, but he's having an asthma healer. Yeah, that's just a bit of a while, I might have to look it up. Um, here I go, I haven't had one here somewhere, I'm going to find it. Yeah, 90, 90 and then CJ. Okay, um, I have any, um, yes, I got a CDS, we're hearing, well, yes, here I could, I would go to a program here, I guess. Yeah, no, no, there's one here, there's one right here in Dixie, highway, if I, three, three, four, something or, that's the one, that's the, that's the, that's the, that's across your, my house. Yeah, right, okay. Okay, okay. Right, awesome. Right, right. Right. Okay, right. Okay. So what, what about revision? It was, what was it in that work? It was how much was no copy? That was a division for the, for the, the network closed it. I need that, I need that done. Yeah, lots of glasses, the fire suit. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. How much is it again? Okay. Right. Okay. Right. Let me get off. Okay, I'm ready. Okay. How much? What is it? Okay. All right.