Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Good afternoon. Thank you for calling where care medicare. My name is Macy. I am licensed insurance agent. How can I assist you today? Okay. All right. Sure. I'd be more than happy to file a final system. Okay. Please know this call will be recorded for quality and changing purpose. May I know what state you calling from? Okay. And can you please provide me your vehicle? All right. Thank you. Can you please provide me your medicare number so I can modify the inner system? Yeah. The number appear on your red, white, and blue ID card. Sure. Tell your time. All right. Thank you. All right. Just pay me one second. Okay. Hold on. Thank you for your patient. Okay. Give me one more second here. All right. So before I can provide you the information, okay, put medicare required. I'm going to play a 90 second recording disclaimer. Okay. After that, we can go over the detail and answer any questions you may have. All right. Thank you. Tuesday, January 16, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a planned slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a planned slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare Advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare-approved Part Disponsor. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by Autodilor or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpon.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare Supplements, Prescription Drug Plans, Dental, Vision, or any Ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. All right, thank you for your patient. Okay, so I'm able to pull out your Medicare information from Medicare system here. Can you please modify your address for me? Okay, so just note you know, okay, for 2024, okay, there's some change, okay, so you should receive a spendable card, okay? So, on a spendable card every month, you get $134 with the plan you currently have, which is where care do SSHMO, DC plan. So, have you received the spendable card yet? Okay, hold on, okay, give me one second here. Well, if it's from 2023, yeah, that's no longer, yeah, you cannot use that for 2024, okay, hold on, okay. All right, well, just mentioned, okay, Mr. Nelson, okay, for 2024, I do have one of the Medicare Advantage plans, which is called where care do SS Open PPO DC plan. It's going to give you more money on a spendable card, or do you like me to go over that? Okay, so the name of the plan, again, okay, where care do SS Open PPO DC. And the country ID number is H-Black Henry 2117-002, okay? So, since you do have both Medicare and Medicare, okay, you are eligible, okay? Do you have the Medicare number? You can provide it for me? Oh, okay, all right. Well, I can definitely verify that by your social security number, okay? Can you please provide me your social security number? All right, thank you. One second here. All right, when you go see your doctor, or if you admit to the hospital, do you pay any co-pay? No, right, okay. So, again, your social security number is 364586515, correct? Okay, all right, so yeah, I'm able to verify your Medicaid level here, okay? So, yes, you do have full Medicaid, okay? So, let's go over the detail with you here. All right, all right. So, the way care do SS Open, okay? It's zero dollar monthly premium since you do have both Medicare and Medicare, okay? And for your primary care data, especially data as long as they are in network digital dollar co-pay for you. You do get dental benefit at $2,4,000 and a digital dollar co-pay for preventive and digital dollar co-pay for comprehensive, okay? You're also going to get $500 allowance on your vision, okay? So, if you may I got, you can use, you do have $500, you can use toward that. You're also going to receive a spendable car, okay? So, every month, you're going to receive $155, you can use toward that. So, you can use that like for full allowance, or you can use that to get over the counter item, like vitamin in, Tylenol and kind of pain relief medicine, okay? Or you can use that to pay for your utilities, like in the natural bill, water bill, even your self-unbue, okay? Or you can use that to pay guests at the park, all right? So, every month, you get $155 and you also have fitness benefit, okay? So, if you want to join gym, as long as the fitness center in our program, a digital dollar co-pay for you. For the old gym care, a digital dollar co-pay, all right? And you also have transportation benefit, too. So, if you need a ride to your doctor's office, or pay a prescription from pharmacy, you can call our customer service 72 hours ahead to book a ride, all right? And you do get up to 24 one-way trip every year. If you need to use emergency, no, okay? Or if you are made to the hospital, because you have both Medicare and Medicaid, so a digital dollar co-pay for you, okay? How does this benefit sounds to you, then? Okay? Well, let me ask you, who is your primary care doctor right now? Okay, would you like me to find a new one for you in your area since if you need to change that? Okay, so you mean in two days, right? Is that January 18? Okay, so because even though I help you set up this plan, okay, the plan is not going to affect it until February 1st. Okay? So yeah, so you can continue use the doctors you currently have, okay? Okay? Okay, so let me find your primary care doctor for you in your area, okay? Hold on. Okay, give me one second here. Okay, so I do find your doctor, okay, in your area here located at 36 in Nebun, Carpner Street. Is that close to you? Okay, so I do have doctor's telephone number here. If you have pen and paper handy, I can definitely provide for you, okay? Okay, well, okay, so just mentioned, you know, doctor's name is that a lot, okay? R-O-S-S, you will receive member ID card when this doctor's name on there, okay? When you receive it, and is there any other specialty doctors who do you like me to verify in the system? Okay, and are you currently taking any medication? Okay, all right? That's very good sign. That means you have very good help. That's very good. That's great, okay? One second here. Well, just mentioned, okay, so if you, I know you don't need them right now, but just in case in the future, if you need to, you know, use any, if you need to use hospital, okay? If you have any emergency, you can use any hospital, okay? But let me provide you our car net or hospital, okay? One second here, hold on, hold on one second, okay? Okay, so again, okay? If you have any emergency, you can use any of the hospital, okay? But I will prefer a hospital, I do see a southwest surgical hospital, or Detroit receiving hospital is both so in net or okay? Oh, so yeah, you can use any of this hospital, okay? And which one? Henry four. Sure, I can check, okay? Hold on, okay? Henry four. Yeah, is that okay? That's one, five, nine, uh, petrol and milk. What's ground, bro? Hold on, okay? Hold on, okay? I'm still trying to verify it, okay? Thank you for your patient, okay? Just one more second here. Oh, well, sometimes it just take a little bit, you know, actually research. So, um, yeah. Oh, okay, okay. All right. All right, hold on, okay? So let me just put everything together here, okay? So I can help you set it up. Hold on. So, uh, for your mailing address, hold on, okay? So is that the same as your home address for your mailing? Okay, all right. And would you like to provide an email address? All right, thank you. Okay, so I'm going to send you a link, okay? Uh, which you prefer? You want to send it to your email or send it to your message? Okay, all right. Okay, are you, uh, are you driving right now? So, because I do need you to go into the message you to do it. Uh, okay, okay. So let me just quickly send it to you, okay? Hold on. All right. There's just one more, okay? I just need to approve from my supervisor, okay? So it's going to be one more minute, okay? Hold on. All right. So I just send it to your message, okay? So let me know once you receive, okay? I think your text message is done. Yeah, or you rather send you to your email, I can do it. Yeah, so can you go ahead, open the link? Okay, so once you open it, it will ask you to verify your information. Can you just make sure everything is correct? So, uh, Mr. Wilson, just none of you know, okay? I know you currently not taking any medication, but because you do have extra health, okay? So your medication is between a $0 to, you don't pay anything more than $460, okay? And CBS and Work Green, they are our preferred pharmacy, okay? Or Work Green? Yeah. All right. Uh-huh. So yeah, can you, uh, okay? Can you go, uh, if everything is correct, can you continue to the next step? Uh, that is already checked. That's already checked. You don't have to worry about that, okay? So you can, and pay you to next step. And then, uh, let me know if you have any questions, okay? Okay, okay. Yeah, so if you did that, there's some mid-button you can submit it, it will give you confirmation number, okay? So if, yeah, if you want to receive it, yeah, can you, uh, if you did submit it, did you get the confirmation? If you do, can you provide it for me? Okay, so let me read that back to you, okay? So I have HPT1050252, is that correct? All right. Thank you. So yeah, you submit this application successful, okay? So you will receive, uh, once CMS approved, okay? You're going to receive member ID card and older information in the mail, all right? So just make sure when you go to your doctor's beginning of February 1st, or if you need to pick up any medication, make sure you use our member ID card and medicate card, okay? All right, um, give me one second here. So, uh, on your email, I know you don't have pen and paper, okay? But on the email, there is my direct number, okay? So if you have any questions, you can reach out to me, okay? Uh-huh. Um, there's just one more step we need to complete, okay? So I'm going to connect you with our enrollment verification department. It only takes a two to two three minutes, okay? So give me one second. Do you have any other questions? I can answer you before I connect you over, all right? Okay? So just connect you know, okay? The understandable card, okay? You will receive is the allowance is going to low over to the following months if you're not used, okay? Okay? All right? So hold on, okay? Hold on. And I will keep eye on your application form. So if you, uh, once approved, I will give you a call, okay? So you will receive my call in next few days, all right? Hold on. Thank you, hold on. Hi, Mr. Davis. Thank you for your patient, okay? So I do have agent from our enrollment verification department. So she's going to help you from here, okay? All right. Thank you. So you two both have great day, okay? Take care. Bye-bye. Hi, Mr. Nelson. My name is local autumn, part of World Care Customs and Care Scene. Okay. Sorry about that. That's what I just asked her as she said. Her name was Nelson. And I said it wasn't spelled like Nelson, but okay. All right, Mr. Davis. So I do want to let you know the call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. And I'm just confirming your road to the World Care door access open plan with a start date of February 1st. And did your agent review your prescription medications and doctors who are important to you for this enrollment? Just going to go with a resource assessment. This assessment will help maximize your resources. Would you say your health is excellent? Good, Sarah, poor. All right. Any health conditions like high blood pressure, diabetes, depression, cholesterol? All right. And any issues with transportation getting over to medical appointments, and you have a steady place to live? All right. And do you feel safe in your home? Any issues with bathing, dressing, walking, getting around the home? Have you fallen in the last month? And have you had your flu shot COVID-19 vaccination? Okay. And do you tobacco at this time? Yes, sir. All right. Lastly, we'll just like to share with you have your permission to call if there isn't any to follow up. By saying yes, you are performing. Give a consent for our company to contact you. We may use the auto dollar or pre-recording message for these communications so you're not required to consume. We'll just give you a call within 10 to 20 business days to be sure you get your new card in the mail and to make sure you don't have questions at that time. You are welcome and I do want to thank you for enrolling. All right. And do not hesitate to reach out to your agent if you have any questions and you have a wonderful day of stay safe. Mr. Davis, okay? Thank you. Happy New Year to you as well. All right. Bye-bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Yes, ma'am, my name is Nellon Davis, and I have one of these CVS gift cards, right? And I want to know, does this gift card get loaded every month? I'm calling from Detroit, Michigan, 48212. Medicare, number, hold on. All right, just a moment. Okay, that number is seven, A as an apple, F as in food, zero, K as in KX, as an X, right, eight, five, K, X, three, one. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, four and a half extinction, just not worth DN, it was zero, it was zero, but it was zero. 3, 6, 4, 5, 8, 6, 5, 1, 5, no, correct. Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay. Yes. Okay. Okay. Yes. Okay. Good. I'm in the process of changing it. Right now, man. Well, I have an appointment with Dr. Odin on the 18th, okay. And after that, I will change it. Yes. Yes. Okay. Very well. Yes. Well, I don't that I don't have Not at this time. So far so good. Yes. Yes. How about Henry Ford is not showing up. Henry Ford. No, that's on West Grand Boulevard. Well, if it's not showing up, I can use receiving. That's okay. Right. Well, it's cold outside and I'm trying to get out of this car. So, yes. I need to get out of here. Yes. Okay. 8, 6, 2, 8, N-H-D at gmail.com. Either one doesn't matter. No, I'm sitting still right now. Yes. All right. Let me see. Gmail protect your plan. Well, it's in my text messages. I see something here. It says your enrollment link. Okay. It's open. Now what? Yes. Well, you say CVS and where else? Walgreens. Okay. Yes. All the information is correct. It says your Medicaid information is secure and will be safely transmitted to your plan carrier. Which statement that applies to you? I mean, new Medicaid? No. Okay. Okay. I acknowledge that I have read the above information and preferred language. English. What's this accessible format? Audio. What's your race? Okay. Who is eroding? I am. Please confirm. Name is correct. Yes. Okay. Some application. You have a case that has been censored to well. You will be receiving a confirmation code. It says H-P-T-1050252. Yes. Yes. Okay. Yes. Very well. Yes. No. No. Very well. Yes. Very well. Yes. Yes. My name is Nellon. Not Nelson. There's no S in my name. No. It's Nellon. Okay. She did. Good. None of that. No. Yes. Yes. None. No man. Nope. Tobacco. No man. All right. Thank you. No question. You as well. Happy New Year. Bye-bye.