Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling well-care. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. My name is Amber Dellinger Licensed insurance agent. How can I assist you today? Okay, sure. Hi, Ms. Brenda. How are you? Good and I do have you in Humboldt, Arizona, Yavapai County, correct? Okay, perfect. And you have Medicare Parts A and B along with Medicaid. Oh God, you I understand. There's different levels of Medicaid and it is confusing. It's ridiculous. But what we're going to do. I will go through. Do you have a plan currently that provides you money per month for like food benefits over the counter and like utility payments? Okay. Oh, God, you. Oh, right. Got you. Well, I will absolutely help you with that. And hopefully I will be able to explain a little bit more. Give me just a moment. And your date of birth is eight. Go ahead. Thank you. Okay, got you. Okay. Do you happen to have your Medicare number by chance? Yes, ma'am. Okay. And I apologize. I had to put you on mute because I've been having cough attacks and I apologize. I do not want to cough in your ear. Not at all. It has been miserable lately. And I don't know what the heck. It's got to be the weather. Absolutely. Yes. And right. It's horrible. All right. And let me look at this. Give me just a second. Okay. So got you. I see what may have happened. Let's see. So they have you as a higher level of extra help. You did have Medicaid, although it looks like it may be in active at this time. Have they ever sent you papers asking you to re-apply at all? Okay. Sure. What? Oh my gosh. Right. Got you. Okay. Let me. Oh, well, then you should qualify. Then I would assume. For sure because I that's tough and it's expensive out there right now. It's ridiculous. I know it. That's what I'm thankful that I work from home. Work from home, which is good. Yes. Thank goodness. I don't have to pay for gas. I do show. So you have Humanicle plus right now, the HMO. I'm going to look at something because it's so straight and he's right. Like it shows that you should have. You should have Medicaid benefits, but I believe that, of course, you still have the extra help. So you'll always have those lower co payments for medications, but until that Medicaid is in like reapplied for that when we can get you the great, great benefits. What I'm going to do. Give me just a second. I'm going to play. First of all, I have to play like a required disclaimer. Just give me five seconds. Okay. January 16, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services free of charge are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO and PFFS organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number. Even if it is on the do not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the do not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpon.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident and hospital coverage. All right, what I'm going to do, I know that you have Humana Gold Plus and give me just a second. What are you paying for your specialist? Like if you go to a specialist, what do you pay for a specialist? Is it right? Right, okay. What I'm going to look at, give me just a second, I'm going to compare that because exactly you're used to having zero copays, correct? Right, and so without that, give me just a second, I am so sorry, with thank you, without the Medicaid, that's where you're going to see the copays coming in and I hate that for you. So what I can do, give me just a second, okay, zero, zero, two, eight, zero, six, two, let me look at that plan benefit and we're going to see exactly what you have like for copays. Okay, maximum out of pocket is $4200, zero dollar copay for primary doctor, hospital is $270 per day, one, two, three, four, five, six, let me look at my plan and see what we've got. I do have, do you ever need dental services? Now, are they, are they going to make you pay for any copay for those comprehensive coverage? Okay, look, give me just a second, because I just want to say that I do have a plan, it does have the $2,000 worth of dental coverage. They, excuse me, they cover fillings, dentures, bridges, crowns, ruchinels, all with a zero dollar member copay. So you would pay nothing for a set of dentures, up to $2,000. All of your lab services and x-rays would be $0. Dr. Office visit, so your primary care provider would be $0. Now, do you go to a specialist at all? Okay, the specialist copay on this plan is $35 per visit, but of course that would only be when you went. This hospital copay is lower than what you have currently. The one that you have now is $270 per day for days one, two, three, four, five, six. This would be $225 for days one through six. Let me see what else it gives. It also gives $80 every quarter. So every three months, you would receive $80 for over the counter. I'm going to see what yours gets. You get $60 right now every three months, so my plan would have a little bit more of that over the counter coverage. I could absolutely see if your doctor would take this plan, and then what we can do is if you are wanting to enroll into this plan, it would start February 1st, and I would actually be your agent going forward. So what I can help you do is get in contact with like who you need to get in contact to get that Medicaid going. I may even be able to help you apply like online. I would be willing to help you with that for sure. What I can do is we can see if your doctor accepts this plan. Who is your primary care provider? Is that ER or HER? Oh, I was way wrong. I was way wrong. Thank you. Got you. There he is, and he's on East State Route 69 in Dewey, or is he in Prescott Valley? Okay, perfect. I have two locations, and do you see him in the Prescott Valley Arizona wind song drive? Okay. Oh, okay. Well, that's nice though. That's nice to have one doctor for that. Good. Let me put that in. Can we just a second? And then who is your heart specialist? And that was J-E-T-L-E-Y, correct? Oh, got you. I'm going to put without the E. Let me see. Is he in Prescott Valley? Okay. Let me check this. There he is, and he is on wind song drive Prescott Valley as well. Okay, perfect. Awesome. I love it. That's a nice one stop shop, right? And what is the name of your next doctor? Okay. F-R-O-S-T, just like the frost, like frost. Okay. Can give me just a second. Let me find her. There she is, wind song drive. Perfect. I love it. They're all in network. That's my favorite. I know. No. And you know what? That is where I am so different. I do not. I suggest that you don't switch doctors. If your doctors aren't in the plan, hey, then that plan is not for you. I really feel very strongly because if you've been with a doctor and that doctor knows what you're going through, knows who you are, you know, it just doesn't make sense to me. And we're supposed to be here for you, not for us, not because the plan looks amazing on paper. That doesn't always work that way. And give me just a second. What I'm going to do. I want to verify is your, I have a PO box as a mailing address. Is that correct? PO box 172? Okay. Can we just a second? And do you have a physical address as well? Just so I can place down, we won't mail anything to there. We'll keep the mailing address the same. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Thank you. And let me put this in. And then on your medications, let's make sure that your medications will be low costing. What pharmacy do you go to? Okay. There we are. Is that on white sparrowed or willow? Okay. Is it willow creek? Oh, okay. I got you. Sorry. Okay. There we go. And what is a name of one of your medications? There we go. Got it. And that's an eight milligrams. Is that taken just one time per day or twice? Okay. And then your next medication? Okay. And is it five, seven point five or ten? Okay. Okay. Next medication. Milligram. Perfect. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. And that was 25 milligrams twice a day. Correct. Okay. Next medication. Perfect. Next medication. I know which one. You're fine. The 10 30 or 10 3 25. Correct. 10 dash. Got it. And how many times per day? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Got it. And that's another thing. If we could get your Medicaid back, then I have plans that will pay you. Okay. For every one of your medications, like you would not have to pay a dime. Yes. Until that darn thing. Well, and I'll, I'll help you. Well, we'll get this back. We'll get that back. Wow. Right. Right. And what we're going to do. So on the, excuse me. I'm going to get the prices. So it looks like on the cycle of benzoprene, it would be $1.55, GABA Pintin, $1.55, Cadet Quest. I can't ever say it. My daughter used to take it to. Yes. Thank you, $1.55, $1.55 for both of those. Carventilol, $0.00, Omeprosol, $0.00, Oxycodone, Acidometipin, $1.55. The one that I show, we would have to have your doctor put in a formulary exception. Yes. But it is very, very, very doable. All they would have to do is just submit a request form to have that covered. Do you? Okay. Well, and I'm sorry that you have to go through that every single time. That's ridiculous. But at least, at least he knows how to do it. Right. All right. And so this plan, like I said, on the doctor, the primary care. So Armando will be $0. The specialist is $35 when you have to go. And I'm going to look and see if it's different for psychiatric services. They are outpatient mental health is $25 for individual or group outpatient mental health care. So with with missus and frost, it may be classified a little bit different. And you may only have to pay $25 to see her. For this plan, also, like I said, the and you do get transportation if you ever do need that. There's 24 one way trips. So it is only 12 round trips, but you never know. You may need it sometime. And it does cover vision coverage as well. So they will pay for a pair of glasses every year, up to $300. And what I can do is just enter all of my notes, get your doctor entered, and I can get this started for February 1st. And while I'm doing that, I'm going to give you all of my information as well. So that way you always can get in touch with me, because like I said, from here on out, I will be your go to, you can ask me anything that you need to, you know, if you're unsure about something or if you have questions, I will always be able to help you with that. Yes, of course I can. Yes, ma'am. You're welcome. And I'm going to put all of these notes in just bear with me and I'm going to add Dr. Armando as your primary care physician. And hopefully I will not start coughing in your ear. It's ridiculous. I know. Has it been cold where you are? Oh, my goodness. Holy Moses. Yeah, I live in Southeast Texas. Southeast Texas. And we do not normally get this cold, and it is 29 degrees here right now. And I'm like, oh heck no. I don't want to go through this. No. That's right. And you know, I noticed that the cold weather makes me a, makes me hurt so bad. And I do not, I'm not a fan of that. I just feel like I'm constantly needing to. Yes. And it's horrible. Yeah. And that, you know, that pain because I take so much ibuprofen, which my mom gets so mad at me and she's like, you need to stop. But I just, I don't know, you know, it just, it gets unreal. But I don't know. I eventually need to just go to the doctor and just figure it out. I think so too. I know that one doctor did tell me that I had arthritis in my neck, but I, or no, you know how you're, where you're just start rubbing on each other or whatever. degenerative. Yes. And then she said I had arthritis in my hips. And I'm like, well, somebody needs to do something because this hurts. But after that, I just, I, I don't know what happened. I think I lost Medicaid as well. So I never went back because it's so expensive to go to the doctor, which is a shame as well. It's a shame. Well, why? How is anybody, you know, it's such a ridiculous thing anymore. I feel like you have all people like you're my senior, you have Medicare, you have worked your whole life. Right. So why is it that it's like our seniors aren't being taken care of anymore. You have already taken care of us. And it's, it's like, I don't know what has happened, but it's absolutely ridiculous, ridiculous. And did I give you, I didn't give you my name and number yet. I just started. Oh, and I'm going to text you. I'm going to text that. That's why I started talking. I promise you I'm working as I'm talking, but I was like, oh my goodness, I didn't even give her my number, but I'm going to text it. I just remembered. And let me put this here. And are you on a cell phone currently? Okay, perfect. What I'm going to do. Once I get all of these notes in here, I'm going to text you a link. I will walk you through every step of the way. It's very, very quick, very, very easy. And give me just a second. What I'm going to do. I'm going to put you on a really quick hold. I'm going to get all of these notes entered and add your doctor. And I'll be right back with you. And then I'll send a link. Okay. All right. You're so welcome. One moment.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hello, I have Ms. Brenda Schumaker on the line her zip code is 86329 and her date of birth is August 19 1961. Ms. Brenda already has Medicare parts that you can be with a dual plan. We wanted to check into her Medicare benefits and savings to check for what she could qualify for. Can I please leave her with you to check on that for her? Thank you, Ms. Brenda. I leave you in very good hands. I hope you have a life day. Thank you, too. I'm good. Yes. Yeah, I was told that I've got a little tiny bit of Medicaid but the guy couldn't explain it because he couldn't figure it out itself. I'm not exactly sure what I have because like I said they put my disability in August and I was surprised that I had Medicaid and Medicare because Medicaid sent me a letter and told me that I no longer qualified for there but then I tried checking on other plans and like I said the gentleman that waited on me he couldn't figure it out either but he said you do have a little bit of Medicaid but he couldn't figure it out. But the reason that since the late 1961 okay the reason that she called me was because I was looking at an email that I got or not an email sorry a text message that I got that said that I qualified for subsidy but it didn't say how cool the red light and blue card it is nine seasoned Charlie ours and Ralph six is in any ways and yesterday two cues in question up is in the using up seven seventh that's okay yeah I think it's the allergy season it's the cottonwood trees and stuff because I have it too yes I actually tried to do that I went into the office and the girl said that I had an appointment she gave me the appointment date the it was like a week later I went back into the office and they had nothing they said we don't even have an appointment for you so I had to start over and it was the same thing the second time so I'm not sure what's going on but I went in there twice tried this style and I was going to try to get a little bit of extra benefits too because I lost my disability and I'm only working two days a week there's no way I could survive yeah oh I know the gas prices alone makes you park your car oh okay um I didn't pay anything through December of last year I'm not sure what it's going to cost this year because I haven't done any of that yes you find sweetheart yeah um I was working on getting a set of dentures to plate when it took my disability I don't know I have a sleep doctor that I see every three months and I got a heart doctor I see once a year okay or Mondo Verrilla it's A-R-M-O-N-D-A-R-M-O-N-D-O and then his last name is Verrilla it's V-A-R-E-L-A he spells a little bit different than most so no he's in uh it's like the valley of it yeah the valley office yeah I have to see him every month because he's also my pain management yeah and I really like Armando he's a good guy okay his name is Rajeev R-E-J-E-Z Jetley J-E-T-L-Y I think it spells first name right uh I think it's J-E-T-L-Y it might have any in there yes yes all three of my doctors are right in line okay Susan Frost she's my sleep doctor it's like I'll just yes yeah exactly yeah that's her yeah mine too because I don't want to change doctors after all these years right right we're right yes okay yeah it's 2797 south Dana D-A-N-A street and the rest of it's the same Humboldt Air Zone 8632 safely no it's in Prescott Valley also 69 I weigh 69 no I weigh 69 okay okay the first one is uh Rosarum or no it's generic it's the Romaltion it's R-A-M-E-L-T-E-O-N and then there's cyclobenzoprene yes uh two pills at night is cyclobenzoprene the Y-C-L-O-B-E-N-Z-A-P-R-I-N-E and and it's once a day this is Gava Pintin G-A-B-A-P-I-N-T-I-N the 300 milligrams 300 six a day and then I have two coutiapines the first one is about Q-U-E-T-I-A-P-I-N-E it's 400 milligrams once a night and then I have the same spelling coutiapine 200 milligrams once a night and then I have Carvedelot C-A-R-B-E-D-I-L-O-L 25 milligrams twice a day yes yes and then a meprizol O-M-E-P-R-A-Z-O-L-E there's 20 milligrams one today and then it is oxycodone O-X-Y-C-O-D-O-N-E the backflash acetib medicine which is Tylenol it's 325-10 10 milligrams of acetim- or of a meprizol and then a shit 10 milligrams of oxycodone right right five to six times a day is needed and there's two other ones but I don't take them there's there's one for high blood pressure which I've already taken one and it's controlled against so I don't take the other ones yeah that's that was that's the number yeah I'm trying to get back on disability because they dropped me because they said I made too much money at my part-time job and I didn't make too much money they had the numbers all wrong they had me sending in like every three months they'd have me sending in statements of what my checks there and they weren't using them I guess because they had all of the numbers wrong big time wrong it's hyping limelteon yeah I mean I have to do this every time I refile it's okay I don't mind if okay okay okay okay okay can you text that to me because I'm going to expose thank you okay you can't control it too much yes it actually snowed three days ago oh okay yeah I'm not crazy about winter either I'm a summer girl I was born in obvious yeah it sounds like you got arthritis sweetheart yeah I got arthritis too yeah I'm pretty sure you got arthritis sweetheart yeah deterioration yeah yeah I'm glad I have to go see my heart doctor once a year because I can't afford that $35 there was a remus I agree yes okay okay and thank you