Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hello, thank you for calling World Care Medicare. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. My name is Carolina. My license insurance agent. How can I assist you today? Okay. Are you with World Care? Okay. I can help you. Let's see what's going on. Okay. Let's see how I can help you with that. Do you have Medicare part A and B already, ma'am? Okay. All right. Can you provide me with your zip code, please? All right. I'm going to go ahead and play disclaimer that's required by Medicare after that disclaimer. We're going to go ahead and look into your account. All righty. Wednesday, January 17th, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information, unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan-slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan-slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 7-1-1 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by Autodilor or pre-recorded message, even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans, such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. Alrighty, ma'am, do you consent to the disclaimer that I just played for you? Oh, no, ma'am, that's just the dialer that we use, just in case the call drops, I can give you a call back with my dialer. Okay, all right, Natapult, and I will need you to verify your Medicare ID number, please. You don't have the card, okay, the only other way to verify would be through your social. Okay, can you please provide me with the spelling of your first and last name? Okay, date of birth? Okay, okay, I see here. So it looks like you don't have any coverage actually. Like you have your part AB and D, but you don't have a plan to where you have dental coverage, but I can help you with that today. Aside from, yes, ma'am, aside from Medicare, do you also have Medicaid, or do you only have Medicare? Okay, let's see here. All right, and do you receive or are you losing other healthcare coverage for an employer, a group or retiree plan? Okay, okay, I'll take a look into that, that's not a problem. Let's see here, do you have military health coverage, such as try care for live-champ being? Okay, all right, let's go ahead and look into this here. All right, and do you make your own decisions, or do you have someone doing that for you, or helping you with power of attorney? All right, and are you currently reciting any skilled nursing facilities, such as a nursing home? Okay, all right, let me take a look into your Medicaid. Okay, I think I do see a hair. All right, allow me just one moment here. And what would be the best phone number to reach, ma'am? Okay, excellent. Excuse me, let's take a look into this. Okay, so you have Q and B plus Medicaid. All right, okay, so it looks like you do qualify for a pretty good plan. All right, let me open this here. Do you have a middle initial by any chance, Ms. Peacock? Okay. And can you verify your address for me, please? Okay, thank you. I think I have a different address here for you. Did you recently move by any chance? Okay, let me see something. And you said there's a code is three. Let me update that address, because what county are you located in? Okay, all right, let me update everything because this, so you, so when you get your insurance cards, they come to your, so your address, let's say here, two. All right, so you can go ahead with your new address. Okay, perfect. All right, great, so I updated everything and you're using, are you using the same one as the same one for mailing, right? Milling address is the same. Okay, good. All right, let's go ahead and make sure. Do you have an email I just you'd like to add? Okay, so I have K. Love and call me at gmail.com. Okay, perfect. Yeah, is it C-A-L-E-B as a boy? Okay, perfect. Okay, so we do have a correct here. Okay. Oh, okay, I see. No, it's all good, yeah, I definitely, I understand. I understand you, no worries. All right, so let's go ahead and look into the coverage that I have available for you. Are you seeing a primary care doctor at the moment? Okay, what is your doctor's name? Would you like to keep that doctor? Okay, okay, no problem. All right, would you like a female doctor or email doctor? Either? Okay, let's find one that's close to you. Female. All right, let's see here. I have... Okay, I have a female doctor here. Would you like the information? Would you like to write it down? Yes, so everything that we're going to go over, like your, even your summary of benefits that will go over everything that I read, will come to you in the mail, okay? It will come in like in a packet. Your insurance card is the paperwork and the debit card as well, because the plan does come with a debit card to help you cover bills. Also, let's see here. All right. What I would like for you to write down, for that I do need you to write down is my phone number. In my extension, in case you have any questions about your coverage, you can reach out to me since your license advisor for the year. Okay, my phone number is area coded for four. It's eight, four, four, I'm sorry. Eight, four, four, nine, eight, one, one, one, four, zero, seven. Okay, in my extension, that's correct. In my extension is one, four, three, seven. Okay, all right, so let's go ahead and go over the summary of benefits. Are you taking any medications at the moment? Okay, in which is your preferred pharmacy? Okay, we'll do that then. Walmart. All right, so we're going to go ahead and go over the summary of benefits. After that, we'll do the application with takes about two minutes. And then that's it, you're all set. Okay, let me open this here. Yes, ma'am. All right, so the name of your plan would be the well-care dual-liberty HMO descent, which is a dual plan that you qualify for due to your level of Medicaid and Medicare. The coverage type is for your part A, part B. The plan itself is part C and it has part D built in for prescription coverage. Your monthly planned premium is zero dollars. Your annual medical deductible is zero dollars as well. Annual prescription deductible is zero dollars. You have prescription coverage. Your maximum out of pocket is 8,850 in network. And your selected doctor would be Dr. Noel Menes. We're going to go down just a little bit here. All right, so you have Medicare covered medical benefits. You have acupuncture. This plan offers Medicare covered acupuncture. You also have additional services of telehealth for zero dollars per call to a teledoc. And you also have a personal emergency response system for zero dollars. Your ambulance services are zero dollars as well. Your ambulatory surgery center is zero dollars. Your car practice services are zero dollars per visit. And you have 12 visits every year in addition to Medicare covered. Your dental services. The dental benefits on this plan include coverage of preventive and comprehensive services, including but not limited to your cleanings, your x-rays, your oral exams, your flora treatments, your fillings, dentures, or a bridge or a crown, and it will canal and implants with a zero dollar member copay. Your diabetes self-management services is zero dollars. Diabetes supplies and services. Diabetic supplies are zero dollars. Diabetic therapeutic shoes or inserts are zero dollars as well. Diagnostic tests, lab and radiology services and x-rays. Your lab services are zero dollars including genetic testing. Your doctor's office visits have a zero dollar copay per visit. Your doctor's specialty visit also has a zero dollar copay per visit. Your durable medical equipment is zero dollars. Emergency care has a zero dollar copay per visit. You also have a fitness benefit of zero dollars as well. You have hearing services, the hearing benefits on this plan include but are not limited to an annual exam, hearing aid fitting, any valuation of $2,500 per year, tours hearing aids every year, a maximum of one hearing aid per year will apply. Home health care is zero dollars. Immunizations are zero dollars as well. Inpatient hospital care has a zero dollar copay of to 90 days per admission. Inpatient mental health care has a zero dollar copay of to 90 days per admission. You have a meal benefit, members of qualifier eligible to receive meals deliver right to their door to improve their health. Outpatient mental health care, it is zero dollars for individual or group for outpatient mental health care psychiatric services. Your outpatient prescription drugs for all prescription drugs, you will pay zero dollars for generics and zero dollars for brands. Outpatient rehabilitation services, cardiac rehabilitation is zero dollars. Pomanary rehabilitation is also zero dollars. Occupational therapy is zero dollars. Physical and speech language therapy is zero dollars as well. Your outpatient services and surgery, it is zero dollars for diagnostic colonoscopy. Outpatient hospital non-surgery is zero dollars and outpatient hospital surgery is zero dollars as well. Outpatient substance use disorder treatment, it is zero dollars for individual or group. And as I mentioned, you will be getting a debit card in the mail with a hundred and eighty dollars every single month, which is a single allowance that is loaded into the well care spendables card on a monthly basis and rolls over to the following month that is not used. These benefits are designed to provide members with flexibility to use on these benefits as best fit for their needs. With the a hundred and eighty dollars, you can purchase things over the counter. You can pay bills or if you need to pay some of your rent with that, you can also, you can buy groceries, beguessing your car, things of that nature. Your podiatry services. Your Medicare covered podiatry services are zero dollars per visit. Preventive services and wellness education programs. Most services are offered at a zero dollars cost share. Prosthetic devices are zero dollars. Reno dialysis is zero dollars. Skill nursing facility has a zero dollar copy per day for days one through one hundred. You also have a transportation benefit of zero dollars and you have thirty six one way trips every year that you can use. So when they mean one way is like you go one, you know, you go to the doctors, you got to schedule that and then you have to schedule another right on the way back. You're urgently needed care. It is zero dollars. And lastly is your vision services. The vision benefits on this plan cover a routine I exam and up to five hundred dollars for unlimited contacts, glasses, lenses and frames per year. Okay, so that is your summer of benefits. You have any questions for me right now? I'm sorry. It's something new that they have this year, but most people that do have Medicare Medicaid and qualified for dual plans the way you do. They, these plans do come with those benefits included. Yeah, you're able to qualify for that level for that plan and that coverage due to your level of Medicaid and your eligibility with Medicare. I can actually look up a doctor for your and give you their information and you can make an appointment. Yes, ma'am. Let's see here. Would you like that information now or would you like for me to email you a few dentists? Yes. Yes, I have to make, I'm sorry. Okay. Yeah, I'll send you like three of them. I have to, I have to make sure that they take the coverage. Some of them, some of them with HMOs they might want you to go through your primary care doctor, but I don't think that'll be the case. I'm pretty sure you can just, you can go with that referral. Okay. Yes, I'll definitely send you information on that. Okay, so now the last thing we have to do is your application process. I'm, I just sent you a link through a text message for the application. The application takes about two minutes to complete or less. Okay. Let me know when you click on it and you open it. I'm able to see what you're, what you're able to see as well. Okay. Let's see here. All right. Do you see where it says my information and you see your name and your address? All of it is correct. Okay. You can click at the bottom the right hand side where it says next step. Okay. All right. So on the next page, you're going to go ahead and scroll down. I filled all, I filled this out for you already. Okay. So you can go ahead and scroll down all the way down to where it says my primary doctor. Okay. So where it says, are you already a patient of the physician, the physician you chose? You put no. Okay. And as you scroll down, you should also see where it says my current coverage. For those two questions, you'll click no for both. Okay. And then after that, you can click on next step at the bottom. Okay. Did you, were you able to do that? All right. Awesome. All right. So on the next page, that's the last page. Yes. Yes. You can go ahead and fill out the rest of it. You do have to click on those little boxes where the arrows are pointing at. Do you see them? Okay. Okay. Let me know when you click on submit application because I'm going to need you to verify the confirmation code for me. Thank you. Okay. All right. Can you verify that for me, please? Uh-huh. Okay. And that's HP 2051795. All right. All right. I have HP 1051795. Is that correct? All right. Okay. Perfect. So you're officially enrolled. You do have my phone number and my extension. I will send you a few dentists to your email so you can contact them. Make an appointment if you need to. The last thing we have to do now is I'm going to get my Medicare specialist on the line. They'll verify that the application is yours. And then you're free to go, ma'am. You're very welcome. My pleasure. Allow me just one second here. All right, Ms. Peacock. I do have the specialist on the line. Once again, whenever you do have any questions, you can go ahead and give me a call. I hope you have a wonderful day. You take care. No problem. Bye bye. Good afternoon, Ms. Peacock. My name is Alan. Part of the customer care team here in Wilker. The advice that this call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. Today, we will be confirming your enrollment into the Wilker Dual Liberty HMO special needs plan. This plan officially begins on February 1, 2024. Is that correct? No. So it's something that Medicare handles, not us. So every plan that you would get by Medicare would start on the same day on the first. Unless you had a plan before the same plan and then they take it off. That's the only matter in which it happens. Okay. I just want to put that down right there. And to the best of your knowledge, you are enrolling into the Wilker Dual Liberty HMO special needs starting on February 1, 2024. Correct. Thank you. And I also want to confirm that you already have your agent's direct contact information. Do you have the phone number and the extension for your agent, Ms. Carolina, will you let us? Do you have any questions regarding the enrollment? Now, did you guys get to go over your medications and your doctors? Okay. That's a bit done. Now, we'd like to ensure that we have your permission to call in case there's any needed follow-up by saying yes. You agree on consent for a company to contact you via phone calls, voice mail and protects messages that may contain information about our products and services. We may use an auto dollar and or pre-recorded message and you're not required to consent to make a purchase. You are groomed to receive these communications at this number, even if the numbers are not to call this. Thank you. Now, let's proceed on to the resource assessment right here. Okay. This is a dual eligible special needs plan for people who have both Medicare and Medicaid. If your category of Medicaid eligibility changes, please to notify your agent as your cost year may also increase or decrease. Now, would you say that your health is excellent? Very good. Good. Fair report. Good. Okay. Let's put down good done. Now, do you currently have any of the following conditions? High blood pressure, depression, anxiety, cholesterol, obesity, anemia, diabetes, kidney disease, or arthritis? Anyone of those? Okay. Now, in the last three months, have you ever struggled financially with money for food or transportation to your medical appointments? Yes. Okay. Let's put down, yes, then. Now, do you have a steady place to live, yes or no? Within the last two weeks, have you been feeling down to press or had little interest or pleasure in doing things? Yes or no? Do you need help with walking, getting out of a bed, showering, dressings in the restroom? Very rarely. Okay. Let's put down now then. Okay. Rarely. Within the last two weeks, two years, have you visited a dentist? Yes or no? No. Okay. Let's put down now for that then. Okay. Now, have you fallen down within the last year? Yes or no? No. Now, on a scale of zero to ten, how much pain do you deal with? Okay. Let me put that down. Now, have you received any of these vaccinations within the last year? COVID, flu, pneumonia, tetanus, or shingles? Anyone else? Okay. Now, have you... Okay. And the last question within the last year, have you struggled with alcohol, abuse, or tobacco abuse? Yes or no? No. All right. Well, I wanted to thank you again for being so patient and thorough with this. Because everything here has been fine less than we're good to go. Now, remember any questions that you might have? Do not hesitate to reach out to your agent or us. Since we're all done, you have yourself a beautiful, blessed day. Now, take care out there for us. Okay. Thank you. God bless and bye-bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  I was trying to find out if I have dental on the plan I'm enrolled in. I think it's medicare that I'm on. Yes, I believe so. 3, 2, 4, 3, 3. Okay. Yes, do I have to consent to the automated stuff also? Oh, okay, yes, ma'am. I do not have the number on me. Okay, I have that. It's 5, 9, 3, 4, 7, 6, 9, 6, 6. Nicole and I C-H-O-L-E. Decaught P-E-A-C-O-C-K. December 4th, 1994. Okay. Just medicare. No, I actually forgot because it just started this month, but I'm on a pregnancy medicaid. I am. No, myself. No, 850, 768, 9126. Yes, R. 530, North Davis Lane, Ducuniac Springs, Florida, 32433. Yes, my old address is 2275, Boat Ranch Road. It either be Bonnefei or Kerryville, Florida. They re-zoned it, so I'm not sure which one's on file. Walton. Okay. 530, North Davis, D-A-B-I-S. Lane, Nuts and Ducuniac, D-E-S-U-N-I-A-K. Springs, Florida. Yes. Caleb, C-A-L-E-B. And A-N-D. Nicole and I C-H-O-L-E. Lee, L-E-E, at gmail.com. That's Caleb with a B, correct? That you know? Yes, ma'am. Some people think I'm saying Caleb when I say Caleb. So they've had orders that pick up that instead of saying Caleb, they say Caleb on them. So I try to make sure that people get what I'm saying. Yes. I probably would end up changing it because I can't never get in. And when I am, it's like sometimes I usually three weeks out to get an appointment even if you're actually sick. So I don't mind changing it. Either one. Well, do you all e-mail it? Or does it come on the card you send? Okay. Okay. I'm ready. Check 4-4-4? 8-4-4. No, you're okay. 8-4-4, not 8-1. 1-4-0-7. Okay. No, ma'am. Probably Walmart. Okay. Why are they doing the debit card thing? I was just wondering why they're doing the debit card. Okay. Okay. Do you guys, we all, for the dental part, would you guys, how do I put it? Like, already have a doctor assigned for that or would I have to find one? Okay. If you don't, are they dentists that would accept the coverage? Are they like, prevent it for the coverage? Okay. Yes, ma'am, if you don't mind, I'm didn't know. If you wouldn't mind emailing me, that would be awesome. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm in it. Yes, ma'am. Oh, that's correct. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yes, ma'am. Behind. Behind. I'm going to be on the phone. Why are you doing this to me? Okay. Could you put it in your language? Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Yes, ma'am. I'm almost done with this. Okay. Okay. I'm sitting there. I know. I know. It's so heavy. Okay. I just, I want that just to move. Okay. Okay. Okay. I ask you the confirmation number. H-P-T-105-1795. Can you read that back to me one more time? Yes, ma'am. Okay. Thank you. One y'all got it. One y'all got it. Where they at? I don't know, ma'am. Hold your five.achi. You can write a mic. Wait. Wait. It's way too large to cannot asteroid. Please. Be careful. Yes, ma'am. Okay, that's high of σας. Thank you. You too. Okay, and there's no way to get it to start this month. Is there? Okay, okay, correct. I'll do it. I'm not sure. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I do have arthritis. Um, yes. Yes. Um, very rarely. Okay. Um, I'm not 100% sure on tetanus, but the rest of them. No. Thank you, too. Bye. Okay. Come on. Thank you.