Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  There you go. Hi, this is Latanya McNeil from Will Care Medicare. Is this Mr. Weston? All right, fantastic. And do you have Mr. Ronald there as well? All right, no worries. And just really quickly just say, you know, this call will be recorded for quality end-training purposes. And I am just waiting for approval, so that actually works out perfect. Okay, no worries because I'm still getting the approval for it. This shouldn't take that long. And then I could just make sure that everything is cute up and ready to go for us. And let's see here. And you said he moved in with you the first of the year, 1-1-20-24. Right. Yes, better to have something. All right, let's see. So that's yeah, you never know what expenses can come up, this way you'll be prepared. Yes, definitely. Yeah, that's not fun to hear. Oh, geez. Oh, that's a lot. I'm so sorry. Yeah, life gets the license sometimes. Perfect. So we have a approval, so let me just go ahead and get that set up. I bless you. No, no, it's not that easy. Let's see, it is, but you know, it isn't. There's a lot of information that has to, you know, be presented. So I just try to make sure I don't put everybody to sleep. So I think it's looking good so far. All right, so you're going to do tomorrow call many K to see if he can get approval. You also want to call a medical care to make sure that you let them know about the move. And you said you're going to, uh-huh, yep, try to do an application. That may take some time if you do get approved again. Uh-huh. Okay, good deal, good deal. So Medicare, you just want to give them a call to change the address. Yeah, and then, uh-huh. Oh, sure. Hang on a second. Oh, let me try to find that one as well. So for Medicare, it is 1-800-633-4227. And let's see for Medicaid in Texas. Okay, so Texas Health and Human Services is 800-2528263. All right. Right. And when you're talking to Medicare, also ask them about extra help for medications. All right. And is that available yet? Okay. All right. Mr. Ronald, we are going to start the application. Do you have any questions before we begin? Okay, please know our call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. We do not offer every plan available in your area. Currently, we represent 11 organizations which offer 96 products in your area. Please contact Medicare.gov, 1-800-Medicare, or your local state health insurance program to get information on all of your options. All right. Okay, please verify the spelling of your first and last name. Thank you. Please verify your data birth. Okay. Thank you for verifying that information. For this application, we will ask questions to process your application. I will cover the plan requirement, review the plan, the pre-enrollment checklist, and the summary of benefits and answer any questions you may have. The pre-enrollment checklist can also be reviewed on well-care website, effect on current coverage. Your current health care coverage will end once your new Medicare coverage starts. For example, if you are in a or if you are in try care or a Medicare plan, you will no longer receive benefits from that plan once your new coverage starts. At the end of the application, we will ask you to confirm the accuracy of your answers, which will be recorded. Please confirm that you consent by saying yes. Your response to this form is voluntary. However, failure to respond may affect enrollment in the plan. We have free interpreter services to answer any questions you may have about this health or drug plan. To get an interpreter, just call us at 1-800-633-4227-TTY-711. This is a free service. The following languages are included, Spanish, Chinese, Tagalong, French, Vietnamese, German, Korean, Russian, Arabic, Italian, Portuguese, French, Creole, Polish, Hindu, Gerache, Thai, and Japanese. Someone who speaks those languages can help you. You are not required to provide health-related information unless this information is needed to determine your eligibility to enroll in the plan. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in the plan. We comply with applicable federal rights laws and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. Before making an enrollment decision, it is important that you fully understand the plans, the benefits, and rules. Based on what we have discussed, please confirm that you would like to enroll in World Care No Premium, age 5294-017-HMO, with an effective date of February, 1st, 2024, and at plan premium of $0, is that correct? Okay, I am confirming that if you are in an existing plan, you want to switch from your current plan into this plan, is that correct? If you are ready to enroll, then we will fill out the application and process your signature. Once we complete the signature, I will give you the application number for reference, tell you when to expect materials in the mail and provide you with the customer service number for your reference. Are you ready to enroll now? Okay, now we will proceed with completing the application. Would you please provide the following, the middle initial as it appears on your Medicare card? Thank you, your Medicare beneficiary identification number. That's okay, would you like me to use the information that you gave me earlier? Okay, no worries. Okay, yes, all right, and the part A and part B effective dates from the Medicare card. Okay, and let's see here, your date of birth, your sex, your telephone number. Okay, is there an alternate telephone number you would like to provide? Okay, would you like to provide an email address so the plan can send you health information? All right, no worries, and see here. By giving me your email address, you give express permission and will receive all planned materials and communication via email, including your monthly bill, if you do not provide an email address, you will continue to receive this information via US P.S. mail. Okay, and your county of residents? Okay, your permanent resident street address. Thank you, mailing address, only of different from your permanent resident address. Okay, all right, and Mr. Ronald, are you Hispanic, Latina, or Spanish origin? Okay, and what is your race? Okay, would you like to receive your plan information in a different format or language? Okay, if an accessible format is needed, please let me know which format preference you would like, audio, or over the phone, large print, braille, accessible screen reader PDF, please contact wellcare at 1-866-579-8006, if you need information in an accessible format, other than what's listed above, the plan's office hours are seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m., PPUI users can call 711. Please provide your primary care physician's name and address. If you do not have a primary care physician, the plan will assign one to you. You can call the plan's customer service if you want to change it. Would you like me to enter the doctor that we picked together earlier? All right, bear with me one moment, let me go ahead and grab that for us. And Mr. Ronald, I have that as Dr. Saeeda Alam, is that correct? All right, thank you. Well, you have other prescription drug coverage in addition to this plan? No, okay. Oh, okay, perfect. Thank you. Are you a resident in a long-term care facility such as a nursing home? All right, are you enrolled in the state Medicaid program? Okay, all right. Will you or your spouse be employed once you have enrolled in this plan? Okay, once enrolled, will you have other medical health coverage where you are the subscriber or are covered as a spouse are dependent? Okay. All right, this is a $0 premium plan. You must continue to pay your part A if applicable and part B premium. If there was ever a premium in the future, such as for late enrollment penalty, how would you like to pay? If you don't select a premium payment option, you will receive a bill each month or a coupon book depending on which plan you choose. A bill? Okay. Okay, direct bills will continue until EFT forms have been processed. Please note that if you have extra help and are enrolling in a plan with drug coverage, you may experience a change in premium or a copay if your extra help level changes. Now, to finish your enrollment, we need to go through some important legal information. I will now play the CMS required disclaimers. Please stay on the phone for this recorded disclaimer. If you have a question during this recording, ask me to stop the recording. Please do not hang up otherwise your enrollment will not be complete after listening to the disclaimers. If you agree to what you have heard, I will proceed to obtain your verbal signature. So let me go ahead and cue this up for us. Well care is a Medicare Advantage plan and has a contract with the federal government. I will need to keep my Medicare parts A and B. I can only be in one Medicare Advantage plan at a time and I understand that my enrollment in this plan will automatically end my enrollment in another Medicare health plan. It is my responsibility to inform you of any prescription drug coverage that I have or may get in the future. Enrollment in this plan is generally for the entire year. Once I enroll, I may leave this plan or make changes only at certain times of the year. If an enrollment period is available, example, annual enrollment period from October 15 December 7 or under certain special circumstances, well care serves a specific service area. If I move out of the area that well care serves, I need to notify the plan so I can disenroll and find a new plan in my new area. Once I am a member of well care, I have the right to appeal plan decisions about payment or services if I disagree. I will read the evidence of coverage document from well care when I get it to know which rules I must follow to get coverage with this Medicare Advantage plan. I understand that people with Medicare aren't usually covered under Medicare while out of the country, except for limited coverage near the US border. I understand that beginning on the date well care coverage begins. I must get all of my health care from well care, except for emergency or urgently needed services or out of area dialysis services. Services authorized by well care and other services contained in my well care evidence of coverage document, also known as a member contractor subscriber agreement, will be covered. Without authorization, neither Medicare nor well care will pay for the services. I understand that if I am getting assistance from a sales agent, broker, or other individual employed by or contracted with well care, he or she may be paid based on my enrollment in well care dot release of information. By joining this Medicare health plan, I acknowledge that the Medicare health plan will release my information to Medicare and other plans, as is necessary for treatment, payment, and health care operations. I also acknowledge that well care will release my information, including my prescription drug event data to Medicare, who may release it for research and other purposes, which follow all applicable federal statutes and regulations. The information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of my knowledge. I understand that if I intentionally provide false information on this form, I will be disenrolled from the plan. I understand that my signature or the signature of the person authorized to act on my behalf under the laws of the state where I live on this application means that I have read and understand the contents of this application. If signed by an authorized individual, as described above, this signature certifies that one, this person is authorized under state law to complete this enrollment and two, documentation of this authority is available upon request for Medicare. All right. Mr. Ronald, do you understand and agree to the statements that we have reviewed in this call, including your intention to enroll in this plan? Do you understand that you are enrolling in the plan well care, no premium H-5294-017HMO for a monthly plan, for a monthly premium of no more than $0. The plan's proposed effective date is February 1st, 2024, subject to approval by Medicare. All right. Today is January 17th, 2024 to confirm your application and to acknowledge the information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of your knowledge. You understand that if you intentionally provide false information on this form, you will be disenrolled from the plan to enroll you in well care, well care, no premium H-5294-017HMO, please state your full name and today's date. All right. Thank you for calling clear match. Medicare, give me one second to make a true number together. Okay. That completes the application process. Well care will send you a confirmation that your application was received. We will also notify you by mail of the status of your enrollment. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services collects information from Medicare plans to track beneficiary enrollment in Medicare Advantage or prescription drug plans, improves care, and for the payment of Medicare benefits, sections 1851 and 1860-D-1 of the Social Security Act, and 42 CFR-422.50-422.60-423.30, authorize the collection of this information. CMS may use the schools and exchange enrollment data from Medicare Beneficiaries as specified in the system of work-rich notice. Medicare Advantage prescription drug system number 09-70-0588. Your response to this form is voluntary. However, failure to respond may affect enrollment in the plan. Also, we would like to make sure the sales experience was conducted appropriately and stay in contact with you by phone and other methods using the information you have provided us. May we call you at 210-542-2176 if we reach out by phone. The confirmation for your enrollment is H is in Harry, P is in Peter, P is in town, 1-0-5-2-078. Can you please repeat that confirmation number back to me? Thank you. Before we go up to the phone, I just want to remind you that if you have any questions or would like to check your enrollment status or benefits, you may call custom service. They are available seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. TTY, TDD, users, your call, 7-1-1, Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Please be sure to have your confirmation number and the date and time of this enrollment, one calling for status, that phone number is 866-230-2513. Again, that's 1-866-230-2513. Is there anything else I can assist you with today? Okay, perfect. Again, my name is Latanya McNeil, we were able to, yes sir. Okay, these scooters, that will be under 20% call insurance, right? Yes, you would just want now the policy goes back February 1st, but you can start looking now for a, let's see, I forget the name and it escapes me. I can think of the name in New Jersey, but that's not going to help you in Texas. Let's see, but where you can get your medical equipment from. Let's see, so I have to quickly transfer you to a department just to make sure everything was done appropriately, but if you have any questions about anything, please give me a call. Sometimes if we search a number online, it'll get your call up into a queue where you'll be getting calls all day for, you know, for the next few months. So definitely give me a call. Let's see here, and you have my number. We were able to take care quite a few things and you have a little bit of homework for tomorrow as well when you trip up Texas, right? Okay, good deal. So hang on for me one second, let me go ahead and get you over to that department. All right, Mrs. Ronald, I have Zachary on the line. He's going to help you guys the rest of the way, okay? Hello, my name is Zachary, so I don't I'm part of Health Plan 1 clear match customer care team. I do need to let you know this call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. Today, it looks like we're confirming your enrollment into the well care no premium HMO with the start date of February 1st, 2024. Is that correct? And I want to make sure that you have your agent's name and phone number. And did you go over your doctors and prescriptions with us? And we would like to make sure that we have okay, we would like to make sure that we have your permission to give you a call if there's any need to follow up by saying yes, you're confirming that you agree and consent for our company to contact you with phone calls, voice, milk and text messages, containing information about our products and services. We may use an auto-dialar or pre-recorded message for these communications and you're not required to consent to make a purchase. You're agreeing to receive these communications at this number, even if the numbers aren't going to do not call us. Is that all right? All right, you're all set. You have a fantastic rest of your day. YouTube, bye bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Yeah, this is he's using some facilities real quick, but he'll be right back, okay? Yeah, so just waiting on him now, that's okay. Yeah. Yeah, I told my dad that he definitely needs this by especially being at 71. And I'll definitely call up the the counselor medication people and say, hey, what can you give my dad a kind of opposite this cost? I'm sure he heard about three grannies. Well, he just paid for granted or paid for rent at the very wife. So it's like, hmm, it happens. It's life. Okay. Oh, thank you. And they don't make this an rolling stuff easy, do they? Yeah. Call Medicaid. Cade for enrollment. Oh, Medicare. So that's okay, because we're driving for his treatment. That's going to be about 4.5 hours. So call on doing that. Okay, so I'm calling, what am I calling Medicare for? Okay, yeah, that won't be a problem. Do you have that number for Medicare? Oh, if they can, let me get both one numbers if you have them, okay? Okay. 263. Yeah, I'll probably call them up on the way during our thing tomorrow. Get applications of the extra help. Gotcha. Yes, he is. No, man. R-O-N-A-L-D-W-E-S-T-O-N. July 9, 1952. Yes. You Yes. Yes. Yes. D as in David. I'll get that one. Yeah, the card number should be there. Hold on. Let me. I think I can take this one. Yeah. Okay. Card number for Medicare is 6 Gulf Mike 5. Tango 7-8 Charlie Echo 7-1. Part A, 7-1, 2017. Part B, 7-1, 2019. July 9, 1952. Mayo. Did you choose my number? No. No, excuse my number. I saw number. Go ahead. The same thing. The same email address I gave you earlier. Bear. Two four. One four. Town, Clip Street. San Antonio, Texas. 7-8-238. Same address. Occasion. No. Okay. Okay. I can't wait. Okay. Yes, please. Yeah. I got all that. I am not sure. No. No, I don't know what I got to say. I don't know what I got to. Hey, can you advance hard for about as far as I know, no, no, no, no, not yet, no, not yet, no, no, no, just in the, just in the building. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey hey hey, hey hey hey, hey hey hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey hey…. yes, yes, Yes, okay, okay, I got co-till Papa Tango. Okay, so 1, 0, 5, 2, 0, 7, 8, 8, 6, 2, 3, 0, 2, 5, 1, 3, no, that should be it, man, thank you very much. Oh, my dad was talking about scooters. Okay, all right, so we'll have to look at that a little bit later than, right? All right, another problem. Okay. Yeah, I understand. Yes. All right, go ahead. Yes, I have it. Yes. I'm with my dad. I'm answering for him. All right, you have a great day.