Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling clear match medicare license agent Duane Pierre calls required for quiet and train purposes. How can I help you take? Yes, okay. Yes, ma'am. Are you willing to sign up for Medicare advanced plan with that benefit? Okay, I take it in. Are you currently getting a card every month? Okay, so I thank you. Would you be looking because we could look for a plan that could get you more more money We could check to see and try to get you something that I hope you all a little bit more than what you're getting now. You said 77 dollars. Are you getting that every month? Yes, ma'am, we can We can definitely try to get you something better than that Yeah, I can Yeah, I definitely can imagine that Especially right now with everything being like it is Let's see here. Okay, is this miss back? Let's see here Ernie Absolutely, we can definitely check and just And while I while I Run this check quickly just to check to see what's available to you miss back I'm just gonna play a quick load 90 second disclaimer and by the time that's finished I'll we'll be able to go over everything. I'll be going to five for you. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am one second Monday January 22, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race color national origin age disability or sex If you speak a language other than English language assistance services free of charge are available to you TTY users may dial 711 for assistance Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage HMO, PPO and PFFS organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason We will need to reach you at this number even if it is on the do not call list Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls text at this number including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message Even if this number is on the do not call list This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844 978 0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com Before we get started today We will discuss Medicare Advantage plans Medicare supplements prescription drug plans dental vision Or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage All right miss back. Were you okay with all this? All right perfect perfect All right. Let's see here Let's see And um who did you mention uh your current provider is It's like at no or like uh You know now okay So let's see we can get you something a little bit Better and I in I do see that uh, yeah, you do have your Medicaid um And everything so you do in the extra help as well um Okay, so with well care um Let's see here i'll go over um First I'll let you know what the all your copays are covered in everything um, you know You're having a single dime to pay or anything, but they are going to give you they would give you with this particular plan that they have Uh, their dual assure plan Uh, you would receive $215 monthly um With well care um again, there's no copays you have your dental hearing vision um No payments that you need a maker anything like that all your Prescriptions covered Uh drug coverages And things like that um all your services there's no copays for any services with this but you would It would definitely put that extra money in your pocket $215 That no cost Um, so that that is available uh to you especially with especially with your particular uh Medicaid as well That one is available to you In your area with them. I was looking at some other companies, but they didn't um Didn't have uh a plan that particularly matched Uh your Medicaid or if they had if they had a plan that supported Medicaid um But the well care um they definitely are obviously the highest The highest one in the area and especially when it comes to giving that money back for groceries and It says you could use it for groceries utilities. Uh, you could use it at the gas pump Um at the gas station as well Uh, rent and assistance and over-to-counter products as well Um, but you would you would get $215 every month which would equal for the remainder of the year And we come up to about two thousand five hundred and eighty dollars So basically that you could just put towards all those things Again and like you like I said you have your Medicaid and every extra help it doesn't cost you a dime It's just a matter of you know You just you know Just deciding or not deciding to go with it or not but Uh, yeah, and you don't you don't pay for any of the services obviously or anything like that so you don't pay for anything um But yeah, yeah, that's that one is uh At two 15 maybe one of the highest Yeah, if if not the highest one that that's in the area from what we're able and um because we're able to compare with Some other companies and see what's available in your area since you know or we're a brokerage so um But yeah That is available to you um, and if you like we can uh, we can sign you up for that um Right now and you know, you'll be ready for you come in the first of next month and you'll get that money by the first of next month Absolutely yes, you know, uh, let's see here um Let's see let's see let's see let me go ahead Put some notes down um and in the second world You know what i could probably just ask you now what what what's the name of your uh primary care man Our primary care doctor Covenant okay Let's see and that's is that what a k or c So k or k Okay, is it uh doctor Amanda covelyn already perfect Okay, yep, and she does she does think won't her That's awesome Uh You know she just fell right into it when i clicked her name Uh, and i just i just want to confirm uh miss back um Medicare has your address at and let me know if i need to because they're they're slow They tend to be slow when it comes to updating things um, I don't know why but uh Um They have your street address at three eleven north main streets that corrected do i need to change that for you Okay, just want to make sure um and that that would be your like uh, you're only like address You wouldn't have like a mailing address for like mail. I know some people have you know um Okay All righty perfect. Yes, man Let's see here All right And um, do you take any medications or prescriptions uh miss back Anything like that Xanax okay You do you um Do you get it uh does this miss uh, oh sorry does dr. covelyn prescribe it or is it like over to counter um You get like okay All right So here's Xanax and that that'd be the only medication right there for you Okay, okay Okay, and that's that's good Yeah It doesn't really really good. That's awesome. I love that. I love hearing that. Let's see here And the Xanax uh, would you recall the dosage um then you have that you We have one is it like point one okay All right, and uh is uh, this yeah, I think uh I will be your preferred pharmacy that you that you like to go to medicine shop, okay Let's see here And that's that would that be the one on sendusky avenue All righty perfect All right You All righty Everything looks good So let's see here All righty and All righty so sis here and um so this next part just before we we finalize everything It's just me just doing a bunch of reading Disclosures and stuff Is this just like a process thing but uh says here uh Your response to this one is voluntary however failure to respond may affect enrollment in the plan We have free interpreter services to answer any questions you may have about this health or drug plan to get an interpreter Just call us a one a hundred six three three four two two seven This is a free service to finally, we're just are included Spanish Chinese Tagalog French Vietnamese German Korean Russian Arabic Italian Portuguese French Creole Polish-Handy Gujarati Thai Japanese Someone who speaks those languages can help you you're not required to provide health related information unless this information is needed to determine your eligibility To enroll in the plan if you choose not to provide the requested health information you may not be able to enroll in the plan We comply with applicable Federal civil rights laws and do not discriminate on the basis of race color national origin age disability or sex Before making an enrollment decision. It is important that you fully understand the plans benefit in roles Based on what we have discussed. Please confirm you you would like to enroll in the lawyer all dual assure Uh HMO dual special needs plan with the effect of date of February 1st 2024 and a plan premium of zero dollars Uh, is that correct uh Miss back already and like I said um It will start on the first uh, so you will receive the money either on That exact date or maybe a little bit before then they tend to send out mail a little bit So yes ma'am um and for identification purposes to protect against like fraud um and things like that Oh, it says it's asking me and you don't have to answer this But she's asking me to ask you are you a Hispanic Latino Spanish or what would be your race? Perfect, okay, and let's see um I think uh, let's see This next part uh So the next part will uh, just play another little this uh a little automated Uh, thing that I played for you earlier, but just another one Um, but it says here now to finish your enrollment. We need to go through some important new information I will now play the CMS required disclaimers Please stay on the phone for this recorded disclaimer. If you have any questions uh during the recording ask me to stop the recording Please do not hang up otherwise the enrollment will not be complete after the same to the disclaimers If you agree to what you heard, I will proceed to obtain the gradual signature And um, I'm gonna go ahead and play that. It's only like 60 seconds or so. It's not too long um All right Let's see here Okay All right, second now And I'll be right here the whole time Well-carre is a licensed and certified representative of Medicare Advantage HMO HMO SNP PPO PPO SNP and VFFS organizations And stand alone PDP prescription drug plans each of the organizations there represent has a Medicare contract Enrollment in any plan depends on contract renewal Non-contracted out-of-network providers are not obligated to treat you except for emergencies are urgently needed services Otherwise, you may be responsible for the costs Your ability to enroll in the special needs plan is based on verification that you are entitled to both Medicare and the qualifying level of Medicaid The information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of my knowledge I understand that if I am getting assistance from a sales agent broker or other individual employed by or contracted with well-care Here she may be paid based on my enrollment in well-care well-care serves a specific service area If I move out of the area that well-care serves, I need to notify the plan so I can disenroll and find a new plan in my new area Once I am a member of well-care I have the right to appeal plan decisions about payment or services if I disagree I understand that my verbal signature or the verbal signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the individual under the laws of the state where the individual resides on this application Means that I have read and understand the contents of this application If signed by an authorized individual, this verbal signature certifies that One, this person is authorized under state law to complete this enrollment And two, documentation of this authority is available upon request by Medicare All righty, does all that sound good to you, Ms. Beck? All righty and it says uh Let's see here Let me just wait, I'm like a peer Do you understand and agree to the statements that we have reviewed in this call including your attention to a role in the plan and do you understand that you're enrolling in the in the Plan well-care all dual sure h-mode dual special needs for a monthly premium of no more than $0 then Oh, and the plan's proposed effective date is February 1st, 2024 As all that sound could you, Ms. Beck? All righty and it says here today is January 22nd, 2022 24 to confirm your application and to acknowledge the information on this form is corrected the best of your knowledge You understand that if you intentionally provide false information on this form be discerrobed from the plan to enroll you in the well-care Doyle assure plan please state your full name and today's date All righty perfect um and Ms. Beck do you have a piece of paper anything to write with and I could give you the confirmation number Um, so you can have with you Just in case Yes, ma'am Yes ma'am um, so it is H Uh as in Henry P as in Paul Um T as in Tom um and then though there's uh seven numbers behind it and it's 105 uh 4 2 6 And then it's going to be the number 8 And that will be Yes ma'am That's correct And that is the confirmation number and the last thing I'm going to do um, I just have you speak real real quickly with the evaluation team They're just going to make sure That uh if if you're satisfied with everything and that you know that I was nice to you And I didn't do anything wrong on your behalf or anything like that They're just going to take like 15 10 to 15 seconds just to ask you know how did everything go Um, but then uh, but once you're done with that then you know you'll be you'll be free to go and This again, this will start for you and you should see your money um, the first of February so this that's when this is going to kick in for you um And hopefully that helps and that helps a lot more than you know the 77 dollars you're getting because I know I know Yeah, I I can Definitely understand how I could definitely understand how you know, I just left target only bought but It was last night. I bought tissue paper and um, I said I think I got tissue paper mill um And I think I got like uh I think I got some laundry detergent and it was almost $30 $30 for all that I couldn't believe it. I was like oh my lord well milk It doesn't take long. No, absolutely. It's just in the most simplest things milk hit paper towels and uh laundry detergent and uh, I don't know about $30 almost $30 It cost me And uh, it's like It's insane, insane. Well, hopefully I'm able to help you, you know, at least that helped me sleep at night knowing that I was able to help you out, you know, especially Especially for the rest of the year so you can have some money, some extra money going So because I just feel like it's gonna get crazier unfortunately. I hate to say that but Oh Yeah, absolutely. Well, hopefully I was able to help you out and I'm gonna have you uh Speak with that valuation team that again, they're only gonna take 15 seconds to just make sure everything Um, but um, I just want you to have a great day. Um, it's back and uh, I'm gonna transfer you to them right now, okay Yes, ma'am Oh, thank you. Thank you. One second now Hi miss back. Thank you for holding my name is Laquandan, part of World Care customer care team I do want to let you know the call would be recorded for quality and training purposes And today I'm just confirming You know, wrote into the World Care all do a sure plan for the start date of February 1st That's for did the Wayne go over your prescription medications and doctors so I'm important to you for the enrollment Percy just gonna go over the quick resource assessment this assessment will help maximize your resources Would you say your host is excellent good? Sarah porn Any health conditions high blood pressure depression cholesterol diabetes kidney disease anxiety All right any issues with um transportation getting over to your medical appointments Any issues with transportation getting to medical appointments Do you have a steady place to live? Any issues with bathing dressing walking getting around the home Have you fallen in the last year? Have you received your flu shot COVID-19 vaccination? And do you use tobacco at this time Lastly, we'll just like to ensure we have your permission to call if there is a needed follow-up By saying yes, you walk affirming give a consent for our company to contact you We'll give you a follow-up call within 10 to 20 business days just to be sure you get your new card in the mail And to make sure you don't have questions at that time would that be okay All right, so I do want to thank you for our rolling do not hesitate to reach out to the Wayne if you have any questions And you have a wonderful day and stay safe Thank you so much

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Yes, I was calling about the $1,500 that I would be able to receive. I have Medicare and Medicaid. I already have a plan. I said $1,000, $2,000, $3,000, $8,000. Yes. But it's only $77. Okay. $11,000, $3,000. Yes. And that doesn't go anywhere. One trip to the 40th human. Absolutely. All right. Yes. I want to get out that. Yes. Okay. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. United hell. All right. Okay. All right. All right. All right. That's wonderful. Right. Well, yes, that'd be great. Okay. Uh, Cohen. Dr. Cohen. Okay. Yes. She's my primary doctor. Great. That's wonderful. No, that's correct. No. That's my mailing. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I get a big van. Dr. Cohen will prescribe it. I also take a cholesterol pill because my cholesterol was just up a little, but it's a very mild one. But other than that, I'm in pretty good health to be 64. Point one. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Yes. Okay. That'll be fine. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. All right. Thank you. Yes. Yes, it does. Jennifer Beck, one of twenty two, twenty four. Yes, I do. Okay. Okay. So that's, so that's HP T, one, oh, five, four, two, six, eight. Okay. Okay. That's, sure, that's, oh, yeah, it will absolutely help a lot more. Oh, yeah, it's your straight jet humor. Right. And it doesn't take long. That's ridiculous. Oh, I agree. One hundred percent. It's, it's going to get worse. All right. Thank you. You have a lovely day too. That's fun. Yes. Yes. Yes. Excellent. No. I'm sorry. No. Yes. No. No. Yes. No. That'd be fine. Thank you. You're awesome. Bye-bye.