Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling. Well, Karen, my name is Leigh Ann Pazzy. I'm a licensed agent. How can I help you? Thank God. I was like, oh, please let it be a needle. Okay. Okay. Let's see here. So are all of your... how many calves do you have to feed? Wow. That's... that's a lot. Yes. Okay. Okay. So during the interim between our call before and now, has any question come to mind that you want me to answer before I go in and do the enrollment? Nope. Okay. So I'm confirming that we are now on an inbound phone call. We've already discussed and reviewed the plan on the prior phone call. When we're done with this enrollment, it doesn't take too long, like I said, 20, 30 minutes, but the maybe last actually sometimes, but when I'm at the very end of it, I will need to bring somebody on the line for like 30 seconds. What they do is a verification that I did what you asked me to do. Okay. Okay. And so this enrollment is recorded, Medicare requires that even though I know the answers to these questions, I'm going to ask them you anyway so that your voice is giving me the information on the recorded line. Okay. There are going to be questions. It's scripted. I have to read it verbatim. Some of it's going to apply to you. Some is not. I have to read it anyway. There are a bunch of yes, no questions. The government has zero sense of humor. So if I ask you for a yes or no answer, please just answer with yes or no. Okay. Let's see. So we're looking to enroll you in what's called the well care give back open plan. It's a PPO plan. The plan code is 86594-002. The effective date we're looking for is February 1st, 2024. You live in a state of Vermont. I'm probably going to mess this up but the county of limoil, limoil. I don't know. Okay. It is a PPO plan. My name is Leanne Pazie. And I did we we did go over the scope of appointment that was in the first call when we were not in that recording. I am speaking with the customer and you do make your own health care decision. We did review drug costs and coverage. We did review doctors, etc. Specialist providers. We did go. Well, you do have a valid election period. We did only review the summary of benefits. And I did answer and address any important plan limitations across with you. This plan does include prescription drug coverage. We will be doing this application enrollment in English. It has a zero monthly premium. This is not a special needs plan. You are switching from one plan to this plan. You are the applicant. And you do not have. Hold on. Let me get this. You don't have Medicaid at this point. You do have extra help, but you don't have Medicaid. I am going to start with the script now. Please know our call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. We do not offer every plan available in your area. Currently, we represent six organizations which offer 27 products in your area. Please contact the Medicare.gov 1-800-Medicare or your local health insurance program to get information on all of your options. Do I have your permission to record this call? Please verify the spelling of your first and last name. Thank you. Please verify your date of birth. Thank you. For this application, we will ask questions to process your application. I will cover the plan requirements, review the pre-enrollment checklist, and the summary of benefits. And that answer any questions you may have. The pre-enrollment checklist can be reviewed on well-care websites. Effect on current coverage. Your current health care coverage will end once your new Medicare coverage starts. For example, if you are in try care or a Medicare plan, you will no longer receive benefits from that plan once your new coverage starts. At the end of the application, we will ask you to confirm the accuracy of your answers, which will be recorded. Please confirm that you can send by saying yes. Anita, thank you. Your response to this form is voluntary. However, failure to respond may affect the moment in the plan. We have free interpreter services to answer any questions you may have about this health or drug plan. To get an interpreter, just call us at 1-800-633-4227-PPY-711. This is a free server. The following languages are included. Spanish, Chinese, Tagalog, French, Vietnamese, German, Korean, Russian, Arabic, Italian, Portuguese, French Creole, Polish, Hindi, Duarte, Thai, and Japanese. Someone who speaks those languages can help you. You are not required to provide, do you have a question? No worries. You are not required to provide health related information unless this information is needed to determine your eligibility to enroll in the plan. If you choose not to provide that requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in the plan. We comply with a flissible federal civil rights laws and do not discriminate based on the basis of race, color, national, origin, age, disability, or sex. Before making an enrollment decision, it is important that you fully understand the plans, benefits, and rules. Based on what we have discussed, please confirm that you would like to enroll in the well-care give back open PTO plan with an effective date of February 1, 2024, and a planned premium of $0. Is that correct? Yes or no? I am confirming that if you are in an existing plan, you want to switch from your current plan into this plan. Is that correct? Yes or no? If you are ready to enroll, then we will fill out the application and process your signature. Once we complete the signature, I will give you the application number for reference, tell you when to expect materials in the mail, and provide you with the customer service number for your reference. Are you ready to enroll now? Yes or no? I am sorry I didn't hear your answer. Now we will proceed with completing the application. Would you please provide the following? The middle initial as it appears on your Medicare card. Thank you. Your Medicare beneficiary identification number. Yep, it's on the red, white, and blue card. Oh, don't worry. Thank you. The part A and part B effective dates from your Medicare card. Is it the same for both? Next, your data birth. Your sex, male or female. Your telephone number. Thank you. Is there an alternate telephone number you would like to provide? This is optional. The phone number that you did give me is that a mobile phone? Yes or no? Would you like to provide an email address so the plan can send you send your health information? By giving me your email address, you give express permission, and will receive all your planned materials and communications via email, including your monthly bill. If you do not provide an email address, you will continue to receive this information via USPS mail. Would you like to get paper in the mail or email? Email? Please confirm from me your email address. Oh, in the mail. Okay. Okay. And next. Your county of residents, please. Your permanent resident street address. Thank you. Mailing address is different from your permanent address. Okay. The next two questions are mandatory that I ask them. However, they are optional for you to respond to. If you don't want to respond to say so. First question, are you Hispanic, Latina or Spanish origin? Are you Hispanic or Latina or are you Spanish in your origin? The second question is, so you're not? Not like you're not, your origin isn't from Spain or Puerto Rico, Cuba, Mexico, anything like that, correct? Okay. Second question is, what is your race? Race? Are you Japanese? Are you a white person? Thank you. Would you like to receive your plan information in a different language or format, yes or no? Okay. For the recording, please say to me the name of your primary care doctor. David, I thought it was Gary. Okay. He's scaring me now. Okay. Hold on. Gary. Okay. Kill him. His address. I saved it, hold on. So, nine. Washington. Highway. M-O-R-R-I-S-E-I-L-L-E. Vermont. 05-661. ID. Those there. Okay. Will you have other prescription drug coverage in addition to this plan, yes or no? Are you a resident in a long-term care facility, such as a nursing home, yes or no? Are you in world in the state Medicaid program, yes or no? Will you or your spouse be employed once you have enrolled in this plan, yes or no? Once enrolled, will you have other medical health coverage, where you are the subscriber or are covered as a spouse slash dependent, yes or no? If you must pay a priority premium income related monthly adjustment amount, party or must, you will be required to pay this extra amount in addition to your plan premium. The amount is usually taken out of your social security benefit, or you may get a bill from Medicare or the RRB. Don't pay well care, give back the part D or not, you must continue to pay your part A if applicable and part B premium. You will not collect any premium at this time, but we do need to know how you would like to pay any premium in the future. You can pay your monthly plan premium since welfare gives back open plans, including any late enrollment penalty that you currently have or may owe by mail each month. You can also choose to pay your premium by having it automatically taken out of your social security or railroad retirement board benefit check each month. If we had something changed and a premium needed to be paid, would you want us to automatically deduct it from your social security check or send your direct bill in the mail? So you would get most likely a coupon book. Direct bills would continue until ESP forms have been processed. Extra help statement, please note that if you have extra help and are enrolling in a plan with drug coverage, you may experience a change in premium or copay if your extra help levels changes. Now to finish your enrollment, we need to go through some important legal information. I will now play the CMS required disclaimer. Please stay on the phone to this recorded disclaimer. If you have any questions during the recording, please ask me to stop the recording. Please do not hang up, otherwise your enrollment will not be complete. After listening to the disclaimers, if you agree to what you heard, I will proceed to obtain your verbal signature. Okay, in one moment, let me get that going. Well, care is a Medicare Advantage plan and has a contract with the federal government. I will need to keep my Medicare parts A and B, I can only be in one Medicare Advantage plan at a time, and I understand that my enrollment in this plan will automatically end my enrollment in another Medicare health plan. It is my responsibility to inform you of any prescription drug coverage that I have or may get in the future. Enrollment in this plan is generally for the entire year. Once I enroll, I may leave this plan or make changes only at certain times of the year if an enrollment period is available, example, annual enrollment period from October 15, December 7, or under certain special circumstances. Well care serves a specific service area. If I move out of the area that well care serves, I need to notify the plan so I can disenroll and find a new plan in my new area. Once I am a member of Well Care, I have the right to appeal plan decisions about payment or services if I disagree. I will read the evidence of coverage document from Well Care when I get it to know which rules I must follow to get coverage with this Medicare Advantage plan. I understand that people with Medicare aren't usually covered under Medicare while out of the country, except for limited coverage near the US border. I understand that beginning on the date Well Care coverage begins, I must get all of my health care from Well Care, except for emergency or urgently needed services or out of area dialysis services. Services authorized by Well Care and other services contained in my Well Care evidence of coverage document, also known as a member contractor subscriber agreement, will be covered. Without authorization, neither Medicare nor Well Care will pay for the services. I understand that if I am getting assistance from a sales agent, broker or other individual employed by or contracted with Well Care, he or she may be paid based on my enrollment in Well Care. By joining this Medicare health plan, I acknowledge that the Medicare health plan will release my information to Medicare and other plans as is necessary for treatment, payment and health care operations. I also acknowledge that Well Care will release my information including my prescription drug event data to Medicare, who may release it for research and other purposes which follow all applicable federal statutes and regulations. The information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of my knowledge. I understand that if I intentionally provide false information on this form, I will be disenrolled from the plan. I understand that my signature or the signature of the person authorized to act on my behalf under the laws of the state where I live, on this application, means that I have read and understand the contents of this application. If signed by an authorized individual, as described above, this signature certifies that, one, this person is authorized under state law to complete this enrollment, and two, documentation of this authority is available upon request from Medicare. Okay, so do you understand and agree to the statements that we have reviewed in this call, including your intent to enroll in this plan? Do you understand that you are enrolling in the plan? Well Care, give back open 86594-002PPO for a monthly premium of no more than $0 and the plan proposed effective date is February for 2024, subject to approval by Medicare, yes or no? Today is January 19, 2024. To complete, confirm your application and acknowledge the information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of your knowledge, you understand that if you intentionally provide false information on this form, you will be disenrolled from the plan. To enroll you in the Well Care give back open PPO plan, please state your full name and today's date. Thank you. Let me say this in one second. Okay, that completes the application process. Well Care will send you a confirmation that your application was received. We will also notify you by mail of the status of your enrollment. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid, CMS, collect information from Medicare plans to track benefit area enrollment in Medicare Advantage, MA, or prescription drug plans PDP, improved care and for the payments of Medicare benefits. Sections 1851 and 1860 D-1 of the Social Security Act and 42 CSR 422.50 422.60 423.30 and 423.32 authorize the collection of this information. CMS may use this close and exchange enrollment data from Medicare beneficiaries as specified in the systems of records notice a soren. Medicare Advantage prescription drug mark system number 0970-0588. Your response to this form is voluntary, however, failure to respond may affect enrollment in the plan. Also, we would like to make sure that this sales experience was conducted appropriately and stay in contact with you by phone or other methods using the information you have provided us. May we call you at 8027934390 if we reach out by phone. You're going to need a piece of paper and a pencil. You have one available. Okay. The confirmation number for your enrollment is the letter H like Harry, the letter P like Paul, the letter T like Tony, numbers 1 0 5 4 1 2 7. And you read the number back to me. Great. Before we get off the phone, I just want to remind you that if you have any questions or would like to check this enrollment status or benefits, you may call customer service. Let me get you the right number for your customer service. In your month, it is 1 8 3 3 4 4 9 0 8 8. Now, if you call them, they may very well ask you for the date and time of your application, your date of course is January 19th. The time that it's being submitted is 747 p.m. Eastern time. Okay. And that's it from my part. Let me get that verification person on the phone. I'm not allowed to be on the phone when they're doing that, so I'm going to be dropping off. Is there anything else I can help you with before I do that? Okay. Well done. One moment. Thank you. Hello, good afternoon Anita. Hello, my name is Andre. I'm with the clear match customer care team. I do want to let you know that this call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. I'm just going to go to and verify over some information with you. Ask you a couple of health resource-assessment questions. The whole call should be about three minutes and you're completely set after this. Okay. Of course. So just verify that we are enrolling into the wall care, give back OpenPPO plan for February 1st. Zachary. And did you get your agent's name and contact information? Thank you. And did she go over your prescription medications or any doctors that are important to you? Thank you. And I'm just going to read over a quick disclosure. Disclosure stating that we would like to ensure that we have your permission to call. If there's any needed to follow up by saying yes, you are confirming that you would agree and consent for our company to contact you with phone calls, voicemails, text messages, containing information about our products and services. We may use an auto dialer or pre-record a message for these communications. And you're not required to consent to make a purchase. You're only agreeing to receive communications at this number, even if the numbers on a do not call list. Is that okay with you miss? Perfect. And I do want to thank you for enrolling into the wall care plan with your agent. And if you have any questions, be a pretty good reach out to her, okay? Perfect. Well, you have yourself a great day. Take care. Thank you very much. Bye-bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  I think it's about 60 or 70 of them. I don't want to get crazy hot. You're suddenly be close. So it takes some time. Yeah, it is. That's it. That's a great one. No. We try. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yep. Right. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Okay. Yeah. Yes. More M-O-R-I-N. 429-1961. Oh, yes. Yes. No, no. I'm sorry. I'm just talking to my government. I forget my phone. Yes. Yes. Yes. I need our money. I don't grab that. That's off in the car, great. Okay. I don't have that out. Okay. Here we go. 3, 8, 4, 3, dash, g, 9, 7, dash, d, d, 9, 4, 10. 1, 1, 2,012. Yes. 429-1961. Female. 8, 0, 2, 7, 9, 3, 4, 3, 9, 0. No, there isn't. No, there isn't. Yes. Beautiful. No, in the mail. Yeah. Okay. Okay. We're having a. 10 82. Dan Cliff Road. More spill Vermont. 056-1. I don't know, I don't know how to answer, I don't know, I don't know, I'm just English. Correct. What is my what? White, no. Dr. David Gillin. Oh yes, Gary, I'm sorry. Overall, we're done paying. Because even from all over so, it's finished. He held us together for a little bit. The little parts of it. No. No. No. No. No. No. Dr. Bill, please. Okay. Okay. Yes. Anita Maureen. One. One nineteen two thousand twenty four. Yes. Okay. Okay. Three, zero, eight, eight. Okay. Hi. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Yes. Yes.