Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hello, thank you for calling well-care Medicare. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. My name is Carolina. I'm a licensed insurance agent. How can I assist you today? Okay. And who are you with? Who's your insurance company? Okay. Is this for Medicare? I'm sorry. Okay. You might have to contact your insurance company. Let me see who you're with. Yes, okay. Let's see. I'm going to play a disclaimer by Medicare after you consent to that disclaimer, we can go ahead and look into your account, okay? Already. Let me just a moment here, please. Friday. January. 19, 2000. 24. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 7-1-1 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part, D-sponsor. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by Autodilor or pre-recorded message, even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpon.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. All right, and do you consent to the disclaimer that I just played for us? All right, Kate, please provide me with your social. Okay, and that's 399-6687-69. Okay, all right, spelling of your personal. Thank you. Kate, please provide me with the spelling of your first and last name. Data birth? Okay, and your legal first name that would pop up in the system would be Patty. Okay, perfect. All right, I see everything here. Aside from Medicare, you said you also have Medicaid. Is that right? Okay, let me look into this. Give me about a minute or so, I'll be right back. Thank you. All righty, thank you so much for holding Ms. Patty. Are you there with me? So the reason why you haven't gotten any insurance card with your new insurance, like with your Medicare Medicaid together is because you don't have... It doesn't look like you signed up for anything or enrolled into any dual plans. Yes, of course, because you have Medicare Medicaid. Medicaid has to pick up the rest of it, but you don't have a Medicare Advantage plan, like a dual plan where you have your Medicare and Medicaid together. They give you like every month they give you money in a debit card. They help you with like dental coverage, transportation, and stuff like that. So that's what you don't have right now, which is what you're entitled to. That doesn't cost anything. I can help you enroll. Right, so this is what we're going to... This is what we're going to do, because you don't have... Like I said, the only way for you to have a card, which is what your doctor... Your doctor is asking you for your insurance card so you can have coverage to go see him. You don't have that card because you're not enrolled into anything at all. So like I said, yeah, exactly, exactly. So like I said, I can help you with that, okay? I can definitely help you out with that. And we can do the enrollment today. And then you'll have everything set up. And starting the first of next month, you'll be able to start using everything. And you'll get your cards in the mail within like a week and a half around there. Okay, so... So yeah, all right. So good thing you called. Good thing you called. Let's see... Yes, you can. Yes, you can. Let's see here. Okay. And what is your zip code, Ms. Browse? Or spruce, I'm sorry, 45601. Okay. All right, and do you make your own decisions? Or do you have someone doing that for you with power of attorney? You do it. And what is your county? Okay, your county is Ross. Let's see here. Can you please verify your address for me? All right, and that is the same as your mailing. Okay. And what would be the best phone number to reach you? Thank you. And is that a landline or a cell phone number? All right. And do you have any other health insurance coverage from an employer like a retiree plan or a group plan? Okay. Or how about military health coverage like try care or champ? No. Okay, Doc. All righty. Are you currently reciting any skilled nursing facilities such as a nursing home? Okay, Doc. All right. All right. And do you have your own primary care doctor at the moment, Ms. Patty? Okay. I will go ahead and get that information from you in just a second. All righty. All right. And what is your doctor's name? It can be the first name or the last name. Give me one second here. I'm sorry. Okay. Can you spell that for me if you don't mind? S-A-V as in Victor. I as in Indiana. Okay. Okay. Okay. Let's go ahead and look into it and see if we find your doctor under that name, under the spelling. Okay, Doc. Let's try. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I couldn't find any one under that name. Sure. Take your time. Okay. So you said, I'm sorry. So you said it was S-A-B-S-N-Boy. I-L-L-E. Uh-huh. S-A-V-A-I-L-L-E. And what is the first name? Is it Jessica or Juanito? Okay. Yes. Perfect. Okay. I found him here. He is in the network. And he does take the coverage. Okay. Great. So let me go ahead and add his information as well. Okay. Let's see here. Oh, we're here. All right. Let me see. Uh-huh. Dr. Primary. Primary care. Okay. Okay. Okay. In network. Find the card. So we're going to use. Wait. My apologies. We're going to use this one here. Okay. Do you go to a specific pharmacy for your medications? Yes. Okay. All right. All right. Let's see here. The one on river. A river truce, is it? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Let me go ahead and add this one as well. Are you taking any medications at the moment that we're prescribed to you by your doctor? Yes. Okay. Okay. Give me just one. One quick moment here. We're going to add those medications. All right. If you want to, we can add them. That's entirely up to you. You're medic- Sorry. Your medications covered by Medicare. So they're all going to zero out as it is. So it's up to you if you want to add them to the formulary. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. So your doctor probably has to prescribe you something else a different brand. That's probably. That's probably what's going on with that. Yeah, but the only thing that I can do with the formulary with your medications is to see, you know, what's covered. If something's in the network or out of the, you know, covered by the plan. If you want me to, like I said, that's entirely up to you, man. That's probably the issue that it doesn't, it doesn't really have like its name, like an actual. Okay. Yeah, you can do that later. That's not a big deal. That's fine. No worries. All right. Let's go ahead and move forward. Okay. So what I'm going to do is give me one second. What I'm going to do is I'm going to go over the summary of benefits with you. You don't have to write anything down. I'm going to send everything that I'm going to read to you in the mail and with even more information broken down in details so you can take your time and read it. Same with the cards. Everything will come to you in the mail at the same time. Okay. Around around a week and a half or two around there. Let's hear. Yeah. So I'm going to read you the summary of benefits after I get through the summary of benefits, which is the most important things that come in your plan. We'll do the application process and then that's it. You're all set. All righty. Let's go ahead and begin. Let me open everything up. Okay. All right. I'm able to, I just pulled it up. All right. So the name of your plan will be the well care dual access HMO DSNIP, which is a dual plan that you qualify for due to your level of Medicaid and your eligibility through Medicare. The coverage type is for your part eight part B. The plan itself is part C and it has part B built in for prescription coverage. Your monthly plan premium is zero dollars. Your annual medical deductible is zero dollars. And your prescription deductible is zero dollars as well. You do have prescription coverage. Maximum amount of pocket is 8,850 in network. And your selected doctor is Juanito Savile. Savile. Savile. I'm sorry. I messed up. I messed up his whole name. Now he's a different doctor. Okay. Okay. So you're Medicare, you're Medicare covered medical benefits. You have acupuncture. This plan offers you Medicare covered acupuncture. Okay. Your additional services. You have telehealth for zero dollars per call to a teledoc. You also have a personal emergency response system for zero dollars. Your ambulance services are zero dollars as well. Ambulatory surgery center zero dollars. Chiropractic services are zero dollars per visit. Your dental services. The dental benefits on this plan include coverage of preventive and comprehensive services of two five thousand dollars. Including but not limited to your cleanings, your x-rays or exams, flora treatments, fillings, dentures or a bridge or a crown and a root canal with a zero dollar remember copay. Diabetes self-management services, diabetes self-management training is zero dollars. Diabetes supplies and services diabetic supplies are zero dollars. Diabetic therapeutic schoozer inserts are zero dollars as well. Your diagnostic test lab and radiology services and x-rays your lab services are zero dollars including genetic testing. Your doctor's office visits have a zero dollar copay per visit. Your doctor's specialty visit has a zero dollar copay per visit. Durable medical equipment, it is zero dollars. Your emergency care has a zero dollar copay per visit. You also have a fitness benefit of zero dollars. Your hearing services, the hearing benefits on this plan include but are not limited to an annual exam hearing aid fitting, any valuation and up to one thousand five hundred dollars per year. Tours hearing aids every year, a maximum of one hearing aid per year will apply. Home health care is zero dollars. Immunizations are also zero dollars. Inpatient hospital care has a zero dollar copay up to 90 days per admission. Inpatient mental health care has a zero dollar copay per stay. Your outpatient mental health care, it is zero dollars for individual group for outpatient mental health care psychiatric services. Your outpatient prescription drugs, for all prescription drugs you will pay zero dollars for generics and zero dollars for brands. Outpatient rehabilitation services, cardiac rehabilitation is zero dollars, pulmonary rehabilitation, zero dollars, occupational therapy, zero dollars, physical and speech language therapy is zero dollars as well. Your outpatient services and surgery, it is zero dollars for diagnostic colonoscopy. Outpatient hospital non-surgery is zero dollars and outpatient hospital surgery is zero dollars as well. Outpatient substance use disorder treatment, it is zero dollars for individual group. And as I mentioned, you will be getting a debit card in the mail, okay, with $173 every single month, which is a single allowance that is loaded into the well care spendables card on a monthly basis and rolls over to the following month if not used. These benefits are designed to provide members with flexibility to use on these benefits as best fit for their needs. And with those $173 you can purchase things like groceries over the counter items, you can purchase gas for your car, you can pay bills, rent, things of that nature. And if you don't use the whole 173 every month, it will roll over to the following month. Your podiatry services, your Medicare covered podiatry services are zero dollars and routine podiatry services are zero dollars as well. And you have six visits every year. Preventive services and wellness education programs, the most services are offered at a zero dollars cost share, prosthetic devices, zero dollars, renal dialysis, zero dollars, skilled nursing facility, zero dollars, copay per day for days. You can purchase one through 100, transportation benefit is zero dollars and you have 48 trips every year. Urgent lead needed care is zero dollars and last but not least your vision services. The vision benefits on this plan cover a routine I exam and up to $400 for unlimited contacts, glasses, lenses and or frames per year. So that is a summary of benefits for your plan. Do you have any questions for me? Yes, so oxygen is part of the durable medical equipment and that is zero. That's correct. All right. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. Yes ma'am. All right. And the phone number that you provided me with before we started the application process is it. Hold on. X is open. Is this one right? Yeah. Okay. Is that a landline or a cell phone? Okay. Are you able to receive text messages to that number? Okay. So I'm going to send you a text message. Let me know when you get it. Allow me just one moment here. I'll let you know when I said ma'am. I'm filling out. I'm trying to fill out most of this out ahead of time for you so you don't have to do it. Okay. All right. I just sent you the text message. Let me know when you get it. You can put me on speaker phone if you want to. It'll make it easier for you. Yes ma'am. Okay. So once you get that link, you can go ahead and click on it and open that link. Okay. Once you open it, you should be able to see your information, like your name, your last name, address. Oh, I'm sorry. Can you click out of that application? Can you click out of it? I have to send it over to you. I have to send it again. Yeah. I'm sorry. I saw an error and I don't want you to get denied. All right. Let me send it over. I'm sending it now. Let me know when you get it. I do apologize. Okay. Perfect. All right. And let me know when you see your name and your information. Okay. So everything looks good. Everything looks good. You can scroll down and click on next step. Once you click on next step, I already filled out most of it out for you so you can scroll all the way down to where it says my primary doctor. Okay. Great. Once you see that question where it says, are you already a patient of the physician you chose, you can click yes. And then when you go down just a bit, you're going to see where it says my current coverage. For those two, for those two questions, you will click no. And then you can scroll down and click on next step because you don't have any monthly payments. Yes, you can click on next step. Okay. Let me know when you're at the at the last page. Okay. Now you will scroll down and you're going to see a little arrow, a green arrow with a check with a box that's highlighted green, where it says I acknowledge. Okay. Scroll down a little bit and there's another box to check for your signature. You're going to check that box as well. Okay. And after you do that, you can click on submit application. Once you click on submit application, you should be able to see a confirmation number that starts with HPT. When you see it, please verify that number for me. Okay. Just to verify that's HPT 105 3946 3946. Okay. Yeah. It matches what I have here. Alrighty. So we're all set. You're all good. You can start using your benefits next month on the first. Now that you're enrolled, let me give you my phone number and my extension in case you have any questions since I'm going to be your license advisor for the year. Sure. Take your time. Okay. All right. So my name is Carolina. I will spell that out for you. That is C-A-R-O-L-I-N as in. C-A-R-O-L-I-N as in Nancy A. That's Carolina. All right. And my phone number is area code 844-981-1407. No, 1407. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Okay. All right. Oh, okay. All right. No worries. And my extension is 1437. So when you call me, you can, you know, directly reach me. Reach out to me. All right. And all right. So another word. We got that out of the way. I'm going to get my Medicare specialist on the line. They'll verify that the application belongs to you. And then you are free to end the call, ma'am. You're very welcome. Allow me just a moment here. Let me go ahead and fetch them. I'll be right back. All right. Miss, Miss Patty. Yeah, it seems like their line is down right now. So I'm going to have someone just call you back. Okay. All right. Well, you have a great day. You take care of yourself. Of course, my pleasure. Bye-bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  I'm not coming because the family also is getting new chords for the first year from Medicare and Medicaid, and the doctor keeps asking about them, but I still do not receive nothing. I don't know. I just know that I didn't have Buckeye, but had Buckeye's health, and then when I became 65, I think 65, they changed it to Medicaid Medicare, and I'm supposed to get in cards in the middle, and I've never received nothing, so I don't know. I don't know. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yes. Sure. 299-668-765. No. 299-668-7669. And P-A-T-T-Y and F-P-R-O-U-F-E. 9358. Yes. Yes. What they told me I do. They just said they were switching me over to Medicaid Medicare, and I'm not going to have the Buckeye Health anymore. Okay. Thank you, P-A-T-Y. Well, they're paying all my doctor bills, and my prescriptions, okay. Let me do that cost. Okay. So, how do I, do they send me a card where I go to my doctor? Okay. Okay. Yeah. Can I still go to my doctor and go get my procedures this up then? Okay. 4-5601. No, I do. I'm lost. 177 U-Second Street. She'll copy the higher. 4-5601. Yeah. The percentage is 8. 8. 8. 9. 2. So, no. Ha. No. No. No. Yes. It's Dr. Sabai. I think it's S-A-V-I. Yes. I think that's how you pronounce it. Let's fill it. I'm trying to find my paper. I can't believe I just got bummed. See how that's filled. It's not spelled how it's found. But I know that. I don't know. Okay, fine. Could you just... Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, that's no very well close. Okay. S-A-B-A-I-L-L-L-E So he must have gone by survival short I guess. S-A-B, I can victor. A-I-L-L-E. Yeah. Juanito, this is J-U-A-M-I-T-O. Yeah. Yeah, if I go to Walmart. Yeah. River Chair Strive. Yeah. Yes, I take, I use two different inhalers. Um, um, I just went because I'm, get with them now because, um, one of my medications, which, I don't know, I've had Medicare that, but I hope for years. No, when I switched over, there's one of my prescriptions, they say that they can no longer cover because it's a compound, but I don't understand that. Um, that was a compound, I don't even know the name of it because it's got like four different medicines listed on it, because a mixture. So, I don't even know what that is. I took it from my list, I don't see my list of medications right now. So, can I have that later? Okay, because I have a list somewhere, but I don't know what it's got. Okay. Okay. I couldn't survive. Uh-huh. Okay. Okay. I didn't hear, but does it cover oxygen? Okay. Okay. Okay. If I have an oxygen unit at home, okay. It's helpful. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, I got it. Okay. Okay. Okay. I got it. Okay. I think it's the right one. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I found it. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Can you go to the next step? Okay. Okay. I'm there. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. The HPT1053. Excuse me. 946. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm ready. Okay. I'm done. I'm done. I'm the left-handed person. I'm not my choice, but how do you see AR? O-L. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Five four zero seven. One four. Now it's just cutting out every once in a while. Okay. It just cuts out every once in a while. Okay. All right. Thank you. Okay. Hello. Yes. Okay. You too. Thank you.