Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling clear match. This is Tori Raul. Let me ask you something. You too, thank you. Hi, my name is Tori Raul. This is from clear match Medicare. This call is being recorded for quality and training purposes. How are you doing today? Awesome. You were looking for some help with your Medicare today? Oh, he called you. Oh, okay. He didn't tell me you wanted anything. Were you looking for some help with your Medicare? You have Medicare Part A and Part B? And what's your zip code? 7-7-234? Okay, 7-27-34. Thank you. Is that Benton or Washington County? Okay, thank you. Do you get any Medicaid or extra help through the state or just Medicare? Really? Do you have any chronic conditions like diabetes or heart trouble? Yes, ma'am. I see that humana has a... Really? I don't know why they do that. Wow. Yeah, I thought it was as long as you make less than $2,000 you can qualify. 12. Really? What is she doing to beat the system? Yes, her and Tom should be up. They probably just haven't called on yet. You know what I mean? I see humana has a chronic plan that will give you $50 every month for groceries, as well as your 9-in-health care has a chronic plan that will give you $50 for groceries as well. We have your 9-in-health. Is it the chronic plan? We have dual-complete, okay? You're getting groceries with that plan? $58? Let me see here. All right. Yeah, I see the plan right here. You get $58 on it. Let me see if you qualify for more than that. Well-care will give you $80. You just change, okay? Yes, ma'am. Let me see here. Well-care will give you... Says they will give you $80 monthly. You can use it for over-the-counter health food, gas, pay-at-the-pump, utility assistance, rent assistance, extra money for dental vision and hearing, and then they will give you... Up to 36 rides every year. It's a plan approved healthcare locations. This includes doctors and specialists. Up to 4-1-way trips per day. Zero copay per one-way trip. Call member services at least 72 hours in advance to reserve a ride for your appointment. All right. What's your doctor's name? Let me see if they take well care. Tucker. Okay, I see him right here on Jackson Street. And yes, Dr. David Tucker, he does accept well-care in your area. Really? Yeah, that's good. That means he's a good doctor. Oh, wow. That's a long time. Any other doctors you'd like me to check? Carver, like C-A-R-V-E-R. Joel Carver? Okay, on Holly Street or Jefferson Street? Okay. All right, let me see if I can put that address in here. Okay. Okay. Because this is Siloam Springs. Okay. Is that Fayetteville? I see North Hills Boulevard. You don't know the street yet, right? Okay. Okay. And they both accept well care. Yes, ma'am. Did they play a disclaimer for you? The recording disclaimer? Okay, great. So let me check your Medicaid level here. SLM. Right. So you are in the state of Arkansas? Yeah, I agree with you. Right. I know sometimes Medicaid, they don't catch stuff in time. So it's just a amount of time before they catch it. A lot of times. And people lie on their applications. And if you do, if you lie on your application, you'll get it. But it'll be maybe a couple months before Medicaid probably catches them in their lie. Like some people say they don't work or some people say they don't get as much as they really do. You know, so they might get the benefits for a little bit. But once Medicaid finally catches up to them, then they'll take the benefit away. Right. But trust me, many, many people do. You'll be surprised. Does she have any kids or anybody living with her anything? Does she take care of anybody? No. Yeah, they probably just haven't caught on yet. Yeah. Yeah. What's your first and last name? Parkus, P-A-R-K-I-S. Okay, H-A-R-C-U-S, thank you. And what's your date of birth? Alrighty. When did you change your non-healthcare? Was it last year or this year? Yes, you can change now. Right now is the open enrollment period. Right now is the open enrollment period so you can change your plan. Yes, ma'am. I'm going to explain the details to you right now here. Okay. Yes, you will call the customer service number on the back of your card, at least 72 hours in advance. Yeah. Yes, it takes about seven to 14 business days to get the card and your plan will start on February 1st. Okay. So your monthly premium on well care will be zero or $25.10. It says, if you qualify for extra help, your plan premium is paid on your behalf. So since you have the extra help, the SLMB, it will be zero dollars. There's no deductible on this plan. Your maximum out of pocket is 3850. If you ever reached that amount, then the plan will pay 100% of everything for you for the rest of the year. If you go on the hospital, it says it is zero dollars or 350 copay per day for days one to five zero copay per day for days six through 90. If you are eligible for full Medicare cost sharing assistance under Medicaid, you pay zero copay minimum. It's zero copay for any diagnostic colonoscopies is zero or two 75 copay for all other outpatient services. Again, if you have under Medicaid, you pay zero copayment for surgery services is zero to two 75 full Medicaid is zero copayment. Doctor visits are zero for the primary zero or 35 for the specialist. You pay zero copay for all of your preventative care like your annual checkups, your mammograms, different screenings such as cancer, diabetes, depression, screenings, flu shots, vaccines, things like that. Emergency room is zero or 135. Urgent care is zero or 40 copay. Your lab services are zero copay for lab zero or 50 copay for genetic testing. Any diagnostic tests and procedures for zero, your outpatient x-rays are zero. If you need zero copay for a diagnostic mammogram zero or to 175 for any MRIs or CAT scans. You get your hearing exams every year for zero. They'll pay up to $500 per year for hearing aids if you need those. For dental, you get four cleanings every year, one dental x-ray, fluoride treatment for zero. And then they would pay up to $2,500 toys any dental work that you need done. For vision, you get your eye exams every year for zero. They'll pay up to $300 towards contacts and glasses, lenses, and or frames every year. If you need any mental health, you can get group or individual sessions for zero or 40 copay. Therapy such as physical therapy, speech therapy, occupational therapy is zero to 35. Ambulance is zero to 275, ground or air ambulance. Again, you get this 36 trips of transportation for zero dollars on here. And then you can see a cover factor for zero to 20 copay. You can see a podiatrist, which is as a foot care doctor for zero to 35. You have virtual visits, which you can speak with a doctor via computer smartphone or tablet for zero dollars through Teladoc. Any home health care services is zero or 20% of the cost for you. If you're ever discharged from like, yes, man, home health care, yes, like medical care, yes, yes, man. And that also, if you're ever discharged from the hospital or nursing facility, they'll cover some home delivered meals for you. So you don't have to cook to help aid in recovery. Any diabetic supplies is zero. If you need any durable medical equipment like canes, walkers, wheelchairs, oxygen, things like that, it'll be zero to 20% of the cost, depending on your level of Medicaid. And it has to be prior authorized by your doctor saying that that is something that you need. You get the free gym membership on this list. Well, SLMB is a form of Medicaid. It's just not full Medicaid. Yes, so you have partial Medicaid, basically. What do you mean by travel? Like ride to your doctor visit? No, not Medicaid itself. You would have to get a plan that covers it like this plan that covers it for you. You get the free gym membership on here. You get an extra annual physical exam every year for zero dollars. This plan says you do get in-home support services, so it says for zero copay, you can get up to 24 visits every year, where you can receive tour and personal care services if you meet certain clinical criteria. Services must be recommended or requested by a licensed clinician or a licensed plan provider, so your doctor basically has to say that there's something that they recommend for you. And it says services are provided in four-hour increments. Yes, ma'am. But yes, that's what that means, but up to 24 visits every year. Correct. He just let's well care know that there's something that he inquires for you so they can go ahead and set it up for you, basically. But yes, it's a lot. And you will get this in writing as well in the mail. And then you will get the $80 monthly, so that's going to be pre-loaded on a well-care card. Your monthly allowance does roll over to the following month if you don't use all of the money. So you can use it for over-the-counter items like vitamins, claustert, pain relievers, bandages, creams, things like that. You can use it for extra money to use on dental vision and hearing services. You can also use your card to pay for healthy foods and produce at participating retailers. Prepared meals are available for you via the online portal if you want to get prepared meals. You can use it for gas. Pay at the pump only. You can't use it in person at the cash register, but you can use it pay for pay at the pump. You can use it for utility assistance so you can use your card to help with the cost of utilities for your home. Your card can be used for utility expenses including water, heating, oil, and natural gas, electricity, trash, cable, TV service, landline, or mobile phone and internet. And you can also use the card to help with the cost of rent for your home. And that's pretty much everything about the plan there. Both of your doctors are in network with the well care. And did you have any prescriptions or anything you'd like me to add on here? Okay. Did you have any questions so far? How's the plan sound for you today? Yes, ma'am, it definitely gives you some more money. And you can use it on more things. I know you can get two-phase pads, deodorant. I'm not 100% on tissue, but I'm pretty sure you can. Yeah, I'm healthy. Right. No. Yeah, you're not in health care. They're very limited to what you can use it on. With well care, I don't think they'd let you use it on pet supplies, but I guarantee that I think you can get tissue on it. Yes. All right. Do you have your Medicare red, white and blue card? Okay. I can look you up with your social. Do you have your social? Okay, great. And you said they did play the recording for you, right? Okay, great. And you do make your own health care decisions, correct? Okay, great. All right. So we can get you started on the plan. It'll start for February 1st. You will get everything in the mail in about seven to 14 business days. You'll also have my direct phone number, just in case you have any questions or concerns from me. I'll be the one helping you through your whole process here. If you need any doctors or anything, I'll be the one to assist you with that. Yes. Yes, it will. And I can also email it to you if you want me to. Okay. That's okay. Okay. All righty. One second. Hold on, one second. All righty. Thank you for this. All right. Somebody just rang the doorbell. I don't know what that is. So I'm not going. And what's your current address? Yes. All right. Thank you. All righty. And then that was Benson County, correct? Okay, great. And are you able to do your application by email or text message? Okay. I can do it over the phone. Did you call us today or did we call you? Okay. Yeah, don't answer those calls. Medicare never calls you and tells you they're going to send you a new card. Oh my goodness. I've heard a lot of people say that people are calling them saying that but I've told many people that don't pay attention to that. No, definitely not. Oh yeah. You'll be surprised. It's not as good as the world as we hope it would be. It's ridiculous and sad. I like that saying. Very true. Right? It's ridiculous. Okay. So since he called you, unless you were able to do the application through text message or anything, then you would have to call me back because it has the enrollment and it has to be on an inbound call like you called me. And you say you don't have a pen and paper and you're anything, right? Take your time. Take your time. All right. Take your time. Yeah. That's good. Stay warm. Okay. I'll hold. Really? It's always like that. It's right there in your face when you don't need it. But when you do need it, they all disappeared. Hide in the couch. Okay. My phone number is 877-581-5373. An extension 5765. Yes. You can hang up and call me right back and I'll be waiting for you. Okay. Great. I'll be waiting. Okay. Bye-bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Okay, it looks like we've connected. Sorry, go ahead, ma'am. Yeah, yeah, this is Anthony. I'm here with Brenda Harkis for the state of Arkansas. She's a code of 72734. She has received in both parts of A&B Medicare. Please do your best to assist her. Yes, I'm Ms. Harkis. She'll go out and get things started for you or connect you over now. Have a great new year. Okay, take care, and God bless. You're welcome, ma'am. Y'all stay warm over there. You're welcome. I'm good. Well, this gentleman just called me, so he said that he's going to transfer me over to you. Well, he said something about health and stuff like that. Yes. 72734. No, 72734. Benton. Medicare is all I get. They cut my Medicaid off. They said that I make too much money. Yes, ma'am. And I also have kidney failure. I do dialysis every day. And I'm an MPT. And they took my Medicaid away. I make $1,371 a month. And they said I make too much money. But I know people that's making more than I am, and they still have theirs. They said they cut off its 12 something. But I have a friend that makes almost 1,800 a month, and she still has hers. I know her husband just passed away, and she just got his social security. And yeah, and my food card. My food card, they, whenever they cut my Medicaid off, they cut my food card down to $58 a month. And I can't get anybody at all to help me do anything. I can't even get anybody to come in my home and help me clean, cook a little bit, you know, because Medicare said that they don't do that. I have to have Medicaid. I have the United Health. It's the dual, dual complete, I think. 58 dollars. It was going to be $188, and then they cut my Medicaid, and then they cut the Medicaid, and they cut the food too. I just changed to the United Health. I mean, I'll take whatever gives me more because I need it. I need something that will help with transportation to get me back on board to doctors with it. You see, that's what my Medicaid was doing, but they cut me off. Once I'm hurt, I have to go to Bentonville to get blood work done, and meet with my digestion, and therefore I'll just do all that. And so I need a ride to Bentonville, and then back home, once I'm hurt. I have Dr. David Tucker in Gravid, Arkansas. Yes, ma'am. He's a busy, busy doctor. Yes, everybody wants to go to him. Oh, he's been my doctor for almost 40 years. I know the only other one I have is Dr. Carver, and that's my cardiologist, and he can pay at the Arkansas. Yes, ma'am. Matter of fact, I have probably pretty soon I've got a visit coming up with him, my yearly visit. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. That holly street is in Tholum Springs. He's actually moved to Fayetteville, Arkansas, and I'm not sure what that address is, because I haven't been over there since he's moved. Tholum Springs, yes. Yeah, that's probably it, because I'm pretty sure it's up by the hospital. Yes, they tell me my Medicaid was like SSMB or something like that, and all it did was pay my premium. But I would like to know why someone can't tell me why someone that makes a lot more money than I do still has Medicaid, and I can't get it. I'd like for them to tell me what the difference is. But nobody, they say that they can't, they say they can't discuss other people's. You know what I'm trying to say. Well, I'm not going to lie about it, because I know it would catch up with me, so. And I don't do that anyway. Oh, I know. But this friend of mine, I mean her husband just passed away, and she got his social security, so. I don't know, they may drop hers when they know just her. And she doesn't know how a lot of this stuff works anyway, so. I mean, you know, even if she is still getting it, then she probably doesn't know that she's not supposed to. Brenda, Harkest, no, H-A-R, the U.S., 1028-25. Since I just went to the United Health, well, I'd be able to change to the well-care. Well, it was last year, but I actually got it the first of this year. I applied for it last year as well. Do what? Now, that's the well-care. Does this sound like it's a better plan than the United? Now, how do I, if I do the well-care, how do I do the travel like the back and forth to the doctors? Is there a certain number I call? Okay. But if you take about seven, 14 days to get that card, okay. Well, excuse me. I can get a home health care, did you say? Mm-hmm. Okay. But I don't get, I don't get Medicaid though. Correct? Okay. But that doesn't cover travel, right? Like, back and forth to the doctors' visit. Mm-hmm. Okay. So, is that thing I can get someone to come in my home and help me for four hours a day? So what that means? Okay. Okay. Okay. But my doctor has to put in for that. Okay. I'm sorry. All this stuff is just Greek to me. Okay. No. It tends better than what I've got. I have a question. Can you get, like, toilet tissue and stuff like that with the card? Yeah. Now, I know you mana you could. But this United Health, you can't. And I could get cat food and cat litter and stuff like that for my cat with humana, but with the United, I couldn't use it. Okay. Well, actually, that's a necessity. Not right in front of me now. I know it. It's four, four, eight. Five, eight. Two, eight. Two, nine. Yes, ma'am. I've heard that just redone. Yes, ma'am. Okay. I'm in a wheelchair. I mean, well, I'm not in my wheelchair, but I'm sitting on the couch. Will your phone number be on any of that paperwork? Okay. Well, I don't have an email address on e-some. It was wrong to answer the paperwork. One. Seven. Four. B. Brooklyn Drive. Gentry Archie. Yes, ma'am. No, no. I'm online. I'm online-some. I wish those. Now, that gentleman that called you called me, I wish people could be beneath me and ask people that say, I'm getting a new Medicare card and all kinds of fraudulent stuff and I'm so sick of it. Oh, I get this call at least. I don't know. There's times I can get 30, 40 calls a day, just one right after the other. Yeah, they say they're ready to ship our new Medicare card. Then they try to get information out of you. As far as get to me, there's a bunch of women doing it too. Nope. It's going to 80s and a hand basket. People need to let God take back over instead of them trying to take over. I don't know, okay. No, but I can go find one. If you can give me a minute, I can get it off the couch and get my wheelchair. I don't see if I can be flying one. I'm all tangled up here. I'm sitting here underneath my blanket watching TV because it's so cold and I'm all tangled up here. All right, I'm getting in the wheelchair. Now if I can just find an ink pen, I'll have a name. I used to have three desk in my house and never a pen when you needed one. Well, I know I got one here somewhere. Did you get in the desk? Hey, I found one. Let's see if it works. Okay, I'm ready. Eight, seven, seven, five, eight, one, five, three, seven, three. Okay. So I need to call you back. Okay. I will do that.