Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  I think calling well care. My name is Sylvia Sonye. This call has been recorded and monitored for quality and training purposes. How can I help you today? I can. Thank you so much for the trainer. All right, sir. I'm sorry. I had a hard time hearing her. First name Joseph. First name Joseph. Last name, Davis. In 731 of what year? My birthday is the very next day. Can I get your zip code again? I'm August the first. Yes, sir. All right, so I see you're in Bakersville, California. Can I get your humble dress there? Could you spell it? Thank you so much. Do you receive any Medicaid from the state of California? All right, I will go over your benefits with me. Okay, no worries. I'll go over your benefits with you. Are you the person responsible for making your own health care decisions? All right, now before I can go over any additional benefits with you. I'm required by the Center for Medicare to deliver you your rights. That's just as far as speaking to me today is concerned. It's a short recording. I'll need to play for you. I'm going to get that started now immediately once it's concluded. We can take a look at your benefits and see what I'm able to do for you today. Okay. One moment. Tuesday, January 23rd, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number. Even if it is on the do not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message, even if this number is on the do not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us a privacy at hpon.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. Thank you for acknowledging the disclaimer. Now for me to determine which would be eligible before I would need to contact the Center for Medicare on your behalf, is that going to be okay with you? It's the second time you've enrolled. Okay, I can look up the benefits to see if you enrolled with your social security number one moment, just one moment. Are you enrolled in a Medicare Advantage plan currently? All right. I need to make sure I got your last name, the last name spell correctly. L-E-Y-V-I-S. Okay. This is one second. Oh, 731-1956. California. Okay, I'm ready for your social. All right. One moment. All right. I'm just waiting for somebody to assist me with looking up that information. All right. I have filed someone to assist us, sending that off now, and we're just waiting for a response. So you said you're enrolled in pace. Oh, no, I won't need to call them. I'll be able to see exactly what you have. One moment. All right. So I got that information back. I think, oh, no, and I should be here in a second. All right. So I will be able to help you today. All right. Let me make sure that A and B. Let's see, 2024. Oh, you don't have. Hold on. Yeah, you do. All right. Just give me one moment and I'm going to look up your Medicaid. I'm seeing here that you are enrolled in Medicaid. Now, depending on your level, you may qualify for a plan that offers food and utility payments that they want to affect that at all. It will not affect any of your benefits. It's a debit card that will be attached to your health care plan. So no worries. One second. It's not lifting up what I need. Put that there. All right. So I got to figure out how we can get your medical information. Do you have a medical card? All right. Let's see. I'm just looking still looking up your Medicaid. All right. This information should be coming back to us right now. It didn't bring anything up. Let me do that again. I'm not sure why I didn't bring anything up. J-O-S-E-P-H, right? L-E-Y-B-A-S-731-1956. There. No. So in the Medicaid field, Medicaid number. So in the Medicaid field. All right. I was able to get your information. You do qualify for the plan that offers cash back for food and utilities. Give me one moment and we'll be going over the plan together. Do it one second. I'm getting some of your information in place. Okay. All right. What's the weather like out there? I'm in Texas. And yeah, we're supposed to have rain all week. In Galveston, Texas. All right. So the name of the plan that you qualify for is called the Well Care Dual Align HMO, the S&P. Okay. The S&P is a dual special needs plan. And with this, you're Medicaid and your Medi-Cal. They work together. Your Medicaid is your primary. Your Medi-Cal is your secondary. They come together like being a butter and jelly to make sure that you're not paying anything. In most cases, for your health care, just give me a second and we're going to go over it from the bottom to the top. Okay. Oh, hold on. Hold on. Let's see something. Let's do that again. 9307. All right. Let me do that again because you might qualify for something different. It looks like I was in the wrong zip code. Just one moment. I do apologize. Need to make sure that everything is correct so that you get the most benefit that you qualify for. All right. Okay. So yeah, you qualify for something much better than what I was about to offer you. You qualify for the richest plan that we actually offer in your area. Is there way to take that out? Oh, it is. Okay. All right. Let's take it. Place that on. So let's know this match. 9283. Yeah. All right. So you qualify for the well care dual Liberty HMO DSMP. This plan is zero monthly premium zero annual deductible. There's no annual deductible on prescription drugs. There is an $8,850 maximum out of pocket in network. That's normally what a client would have to pay into the plan before well care came in and paid for everything. But because you have medical that $8,850. Those are costs that are going to be picked up by medical. You will receive 24 visits for acupuncture and no cost to you. You may also qualify for home health care and no cost to you. You will receive that tell a health tell a doc benefit where you're able to speak to the doctor over your cell phone and a conversation or a video conference. You may also receive a personal emergency response system. The purse and a charm worn around your neck. If you get into trouble in your home and can't reach the phone, you press a button and they send emergency out to you. You will also receive a single allowance loaded onto your well care spendables card on a monthly basis. This money can be used for you can pay for food utilities. You can put it towards your rent get your over the counter needs or you can put gas in your car at the pump and they'll be giving you $75 a month for that. It does roll over for month to month if you don't use it. So no worries. If you don't use it, you will not lose it. All right, let's see what else ambulance service is free surgery center. It's free. You will receive 24 visits of Medicare cover car practice and no cost to you. The dental benefit on this plan will work with your medical and it is including additional services such as crowns, dentures, thick bridges. And this is all with no annual maximum and zero member co-paste. Free dental work. Diabetic self-management training is free. Diabetic supplies are free. Diabetic therapeutic shoes and in search of free as well. Lab services are free and that is including genetic testing. Doctors office visits are free. Doctor specially visits are free. Durable medical equipment is free. Emergency care is free. The fitness benefit on the plan is free. They will give you a gym membership. They will give you $1,000 per year to go towards hearing aids. Home health care is again offered at no cost to you. You would not pay anything if you were to be admitted into the hospital for general admission or mental health stays. They are fully covered up to 90 days. Members who qualify can have meals delivered to their front door to improve their health. Outpatient rehabilitative services are offered at no cost to you. You would not pay anything for a diagnostic colonoscopy. You would not pay anything for outpatient hospital non surgery procedures. You would not pay anything for outpatient hospital surgery either. Outpatient substance abuse treatment is free. Pediatry services are covered. You get 12 visits for the year at no cost to you. You would not pay anything for up to 100 days in a skilled nursing facility. You will also receive 24 one-way trips every year of transportation. Urgent care is also free and they give you $300 to purchase glasses or contact lenses. How does that sound to you? Now, I need to know that your doctor accepts the plan. Do you have a primary care position you like to see? Okay, I believe that pace is its own separate network and their doctors may not be covered by us. Do you have one doctor's name? Are you against having a new doctor? I want to know if you are against having a new doctor. Okay, so would I be able to pick a doctor in your home for you today? You would still be able to receive all of those things with this plan, but in order for me to get you enrolled, let me explain to you. If you enroll into this plan, you will no longer be enrolled in the pace program. And you may have to pick new doctors. Okay, all right. Do you live far from Union Avenue? I'm sorry, I didn't hear you. Okay, so you wouldn't have a problem getting to a doctor over there. You get 24 transportation trips. You never have to worry about getting to the doctor because we have a service that will come and pick you up. Drop you off and pick you back up and take you back home. All right, so the name of this doctor is Dr. Ronnie Claiborne located at 20303 South Union Avenue in Bakersville. Is that too far? All right, let's see what else. Do you take any prescriptions? Okay, I need to put them into the system and add it to your file. So if you ever pick them up, you'll know how much they cost if they cost anything at all. All right, let me explain to you because you do have extra help as long as it is a tier one generic you won't pay anything tier two generics. You should not pay more than $10. Okay, all right. Just give me one moment. Are you ready to enroll into the plan today? All right, just give me one moment. I need to get approval to enroll you into the plan from my supervisor. I'm just waiting for an approval on this plan and then if you want, you can grab a pen and a piece of paper. There might be a few things you need to write down as we... All right, thank you so much. Just give me a moment. I'm pulling up the plan information now while we wait for that approval. All right. Okay, that's all right, where are we at? HMO, there we go. Got no preview. All right, something doesn't look right over here. Just one second. I may need to go and enroll you in a different section. I'm still waiting for someone to approve us to get into this plan. And let me make sure you were transferred over to me correct so you're going to have to hang up and call me back. 844-981-1407. Yes sir. Okay, I'll be waiting. Bye-bye. You're welcome.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  I'm still here on the line. Okay Joseph. Hi, this is Celine. I have Joseph Anthony Davis on the line. He has Medicare part A as well as part B because that code is 9 3 3 0 7 and birthday is the 31st of July. He has Medicaid as well. And he was actually just wanted to get the grocery benefit. And if you can give him a full review, just imagine that he's all fed for the rest of the year. Okay. Joseph Anthony, are we okay? Yeah, I know it. I'm the same word. Yeah. No, it's not Davis. It's Davis. L.E.Y.B.A.S. 1956, man. Is that right? 07, 9 3 3 0 7. Yes, ma'am? 33, 3 12. Well, Eldo. Okay. It's Eldo Avenue. It's E-L-D-A. Just like it. No. Well, I don't just when I see the doctor at peace, there's only thing I ever received from him. And I never had no, I never, I haven't never got any apply for anything like that. Okay. Yes, ma'am. Okay. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes, ma'am. I keep on telling my case worker about they haven't even sent me a card or nothing. And this is the second time I enrolled in it. Yeah. Okay. I'm pretty sure it does. Yeah. Yeah. Just pace. That's the only one address. Oh, okay. No, A.S. Okay. The 556 027758. Okay. Okay. Yes, ma'am. All right. Yes. Oh, that's fine. Yes. Okay. I'm going through the housing authorities right now. Okay. No, that's where I was telling them they haven't sent me no card. Okay. Thank you. I'm okay, but I'm, I'm doing okay right here. I'm still laying down to you. I don't go, I don't know how to, I don't go out in this way. It's too cold. It's been raining over here. Yeah. Where are you at? Yeah, I was in Texas. Yeah. I didn't got some, some cable put it in and out. Man, every time I call it and people when they're doing a different stage. Okay. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yes, ma'am. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Yes. Okay. Oh, thank you. That's very, very good. That's, that's why I go to play. That's the only one that I've been going through. They have the doctors over there. Yeah. I do, but I don't have it wrong. I have to look for it. That's like, what's that against having any doctor? No, no. Well, they've already got me going through some doctors already. The next one I'm going through. I've already got my glasses ready. I'm still, I'm still waiting for for my dancers and all that. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. That's fine. No, we're going to have. I'm back. I'm, I'm in back at the airport on unions. And no, it's, it's. The elder is the cross three for plans. Oh, yeah. I don't have no car right now. Oh, fine. Thank you. Yeah. No, that's fine. That's fine. No. Well, they do have been going on. I don't know. A couple of descriptions, but I don't really think I need them. No, they don't cost me. Okay. Yes, ma'am. I got it. Yeah. I'm ready. I already got ready. Okay. Okay. That's fine. That's fine. I'm in no hurry. Okay. All right. Okay. How's that with your number? 844-981-1407. Okay. I'll give you a call right now. If you want. Okay. Thank you.