Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hello, thank you for calling my name is Chris, I'm a licensed agent, this call is being monitored and recorded, for quality of purposes, how can I use this? Absolutely, yes, ma'am. Now can you repeat his last name and date of birth again? All right, thank you, you can go ahead and transfer. Hello, Mr. Philip, my name is Chris, I am a licensed agent, this call is being monitored and recorded for quality of purposes, how can I assist you today? Okay, I can definitely check and see, yeah, I can definitely check and see if you qualify first for extra benefits and, okay, okay, and what, do you know what plan you have? Okay, I'm going to check and see what you have, so just to make sure you have all the benefits that you possibly can and save money as well. So now I'll check on your SIPCO 29477 as well and I will ask, I will ask for your Medicare number here in a few seconds, so if you have that handy, you don't have it with you. Oh, okay, well the other alternative will be with your full name, date of birth, and your social security number if you have that handy. Okay, what's your social, okay, and your date of birth is June 12, 1949, okay, and your full name, first name is Philip, and last name is F-E-A-C-I-N, G-I-A. Okay, okay, let me check one moment. All right, your information did come up. Now, can I verify your address please? Okay, yes, yes, sir, that is correct. Okay, now let me check and see what you have one moment, and that's in Georgetown County. Okay, no problem, let me double check one moment please. Okay, and 016. Okay, one moment. Okay, I'm pulling up your information here, so give me one second. All right, looks like you're going to end your plan here at the end of this month. Now, do you want to set up a plan for February? Do you know which plan you're going to have? Okay, well-care, let me double check on that one second. Now, it looks like you're not starting with well-care, you're starting with different company, but do you want to stay with well-care? No, I mean, it looks like you're going to start with another company on February, but it's not going to be with well-care. Do you want to sign up with well-care? Okay, absolutely, I can definitely see if we have more on our benefits. Now, just to let you know, in case we get disconnected, what is a good phone number to call you back on, please? What is the number? 842-0, okay? All right, one moment, let me double check. Okay, okay, and let me put your name, Philip, and Mr. Figgand, do you have, apart from Medicare? Do you have Medicaid? Okay, so what I'll do as well is I'll check on your Medicaid information, just to make sure that you have all that as well. So, let me just double check on that, please. One moment. Okay, okay, all right. Now, just to let you know, there is no obligation for you to enroll in any of these plans today, so also not every plan will be available in your zip code, but I'll check and see what we have available. Now, let me put in your information first. I got Philip, and last name, Figgand, your Medicare number that it did, it was provided to me, and also your date of birth. I'll put your social security number here to check on your Medicaid information, so give me one moment, and it's going to come up right now. All right, it looks like, it looks like you have LIS level three, that's extra help. It's subsidizing your prescriptions at 100%, and it looks like you also have Medicaid, and that is also active, and you have an FBDE level, FBDE means that you have full benefits on Medicaid, and you do qualify then for one of our best plans, and that's the well-cared dual liberty, and that plan is going to give you a lot more on groceries, and dental, yeah, let me open up on dental here. All right, let me open up on dental, I'll let you know here one second. Okay, dental, yep, dental, you do have four implants, dentures, bridge, crown, root canal, there's no limits on the plan, so you can definitely sign up for this one, it's called the well-cared dual liberty open PPO. All right, so now before we get to that, let me open up one of the files here, one moment. Yeah, it covers Dr. Vislet, Dr. Vislet, Hospital, yes sir, we'll get into the details here in a few seconds, so give me one second, and I'll let you know the details here one moment. Okay, so give me one moment, and I do have to add Mr. Fagan, I do have to put a message here for you to listen, so let me put it on, it's going to be about one minute, and at the end, I'll just let you know what the benefits are, okay, so give me one second. Yeah, one moment, please. All right, can you hear this? Wednesday, January, 24th, two. All right, I'll be here. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information, unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by Autodilor or pre-recorded message, even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or email on a privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. All right, so now Mr. Philip, let me get your doctor information so we can keep your doctor as you want to change it. What's his name? Eric? All right, all right, let me have him as your primary as well, so give me one second. Okay, and do you have any specialists? No specialists? Okay, all right. And now, do you take any medications, Mr. Philip, pain pill? All right, let me see if I can get that for you. Now, what do you have? Pharmacy, do you use? All right, CVS is a preferred pharmacy, so you can keep using that one. Yes, sir, absolutely. Now, do you have the names of your prescriptions with you? Do you remember? No, that's all right. If you don't know them, that's okay. We can skip this part if you don't have that. Okay. All right, okay, so let's review these plans so you know what you have for coverage. Okay, the plan that, like I mentioned to you, it's called the Well-Care Dual Liberty Open PPO. It's going to be zero monthly payments, so you don't have to pay for this. There is no deductible, there is no prescriptions deductible. There is no copays and no co-insurance. You do have coverage for dentures, bridge crown root canals, implants, also for cleanings, oral exams and all that. Your doctors are going to be zero copays, specialists are going to be zero. Fitness club's description is going to be zero emergency room zero. You do have a $1,500 per hearing aid per year, so you got for both of them, it's $3,000 if you need hearing aids and that's pretty good. Also, you will get a box of food delivered to your home every month, and that's with fruits, vegetables and other healthy items, it will be delivered to you. You only need to call customer service to set it up. Then, surgeries and hospitalizations can be zero. You're going to get $150 a month, Mr. Philip, for groceries, yeah, and over-the-counter items, so you can use definitely use that every month, and if you don't use it all, it does roll over into the following month. Also, you get preventive, you're once you're a physical check-up, that's your prostate exam, colonoscopy test, bone density test, vaccinations and more. You also get transportation, if you don't have a car, if you don't drive, you get transportation zero copays on that. Yes, sir, with a customer service, they'll be able to give you a list of that, and you can set it up, and you'll just give them a call. Yes, sir. Then, you have $500 credit towards your eyeglasses, lenses, frames and contacts, if you are $500, and of course, you can use the $150 from the OTC and the groceries towards eyeglasses as well, if you need more. This plan, like I said, it's called the Well-Care Dual Liberty Open PPO DSNP. Now, do you have any questions about the plan? Yes, sir, it does cover you four implants. Now, yes, sir. Now, do you want to go ahead and sign up for this plan today? Oh, really? Okay, I understand. I see, okay, okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, I understand. Now, let me do a pre-enrollment. Right now for you, I do need to verify some information. So, you're going to be with Well-Care, so let me select Well-Care here for you. Also, the premium is going to be zero, and let me see. Okay, the enrollment is going to have to be through a send, so we'll do this through the Ascend website. And your part A and part B, I'm going to put the dates here for you as well. And that's going to be 6-1, 2014, 6-1, 2014. I'm going to put in your Medi-Kate ID as well. So, let me put it right here. And the reason why you will be changing is because of OEP, so that gives you an opportunity to change your plan. So, let me click on that as well. And I'm going to request my supervisor to review this. And so, give me one second, county. Okay, all right. So, let me have my supervisor review this for you, and I'll be right back with you, okay? All right, don't hang out, please. Mr. Philip, yeah, thank you for holding. So, my supervisor's reviewing your file. So, give me one second, it's almost done here, so give me one moment, please. Now, how's your day going, Mr. Philip? Pretty good. All right. Okay, let me check on here one moment. Okay. Okay. All right, she's almost done. Okay. All right. Okay. So, I guess we have everything we need, and we can go ahead and see if we can enroll. Okay, let me see South Carolina. 29477 is your zip code, right? Okay. All right. So, this enrollment process is going to be recorded, Mr. Philip. Some things might be redundant, but to be compliant, I do need to ask every single question on the application. So, let's go ahead and start with your, do you want to go ahead and start with this plan? All right, the plan is called the WellCare Dual Liberty Open PPO DSNP. Is this the plan that you want to enroll today? All right. So, let's start with the demographic information. You go by Mr. Philip, F as an initial, a vegan, is this correct? And your data number as 80362-842-20, and your preferred method of contact would be phone text or both. Phone. Okay. All right. Let me verify your address. I have 905 Duke Street. Is this correct? Okay. And okay. And let me check on your doctor. It's going to be Dr. Eric Sin. Is this correct? Okay. Thank you. And I do have your Medicare number 684U17FR88, and you started part A and B on June 1st, 2014. Is this correct? All right. Okay. And typically, Mr. Philip, you may enroll into a Medicare Advantage plan only during the annual enrollment period. That is October 15th through December 7th of each year. Outside of that period, you do need a special election. Now, you have Medicaid and LIS, so that means that you would be able to enroll into a plan or change your plan once every quarter. All right. Today, we're going to be selecting the open enrollment period for you. Now, I have to ask you several questions. Your intention today is to enroll into the WellCare Dual Liberty Open PPO DSNP, which is a WellCare plan with an effective date of February 1st, 2024. Is this correct? Okay. And will you have any other prescription drug coverage like VA or try care in addition to this WellCare plan? Nope. And are you a resident in a nursing home or long-term care facility? Okay. What's the name of your nursing home? Okay. And Manoe Health Center. Okay. 9-0-5-DEEP. D-E-P-E-T. Okay. Oh, Duke's. Okay. D-U-E-K-S. Okay, yes. All right. Duke's All right. South Carolina. Okay. And a phone number will be the same one. 803-662-842-0. Okay. And apart from Medicare, you also have Medicaid. Is this correct? You're rolled into Medicaid? All right. Your number is 07-824-70774. And do you work, Mr. Philip? All right. Okay. So now I'm going to be reading several statements of under actually one last thing. Do you want to have your documents in large print or regular print? Regular print. Okay. Now, I'm going to be reading several statements of understanding messages to you, Mr. Philip, just to make sure that you understand the plan you wish to enroll in today. Now, after each statement, I need for you to confirm you do understand by saying I agree or I understand. If for some reason you don't understand, just stop me. I'll explain it back to you and then you can agree to the statement. All right. Okay. So let's start with the first one. This is going to be a well-care health plan and it's an HMO plan. And it has a Medicare contract. So enrollment in our plans depend on contract renewals. So this means that you must keep hospital part A and medical part B in order to stay enrolled in this well-care dual liberty HMO PPO DSNP plan. Do you understand? All right. When you enroll in one of our plans, well-care pays for services covered by Medicare. However, you still need to pay for your part B premium unless it is paid for in your behalf by someone else. In this case, Medicaid is paying for your part B premiums. You will be responsible for any amount that well-care does not cover such as copays and contractions if applicable. In this case, it doesn't apply since your copays are in contractions. It's going to be zero. And you can only be in one Medicare-advantaged plan at a time and you understand that enrollment in this plan will automatically end your enrollment in another health plan or prescription drug plan. It is your responsibility to inform well-care of any prescription drug coverage you get in the future. Do you understand? All right. Let me check on the second. Do you understand that when your well-care coverage begins, you must get all your medical and prescription drug benefits from well-care except for emergencies or urgent needed services or out of services, out of dialysis. So if medically necessary, well-care will provide refunds for all covered benefits even if you get these services out of the network. Do you understand? All right. Well-care serves a specific area. If you move out of this area, you need to notify well-care so you can disenroll and find a new plan in the new area just moved into. Once you remember well-care, you have the right to appeal plan decisions about payments and services. If you disagree, you will read the evidence of coverage document when you get it, which rules you must follow to get coverage with this MAPD plan. You understand that people with Medicare are generally not covered on the Medicare while outside of the United States except for limited coverage near the US border. Do you understand? All right. Benefits and services provided by well-care and contained in new evidence of coverage document will be covered and without authorization neither Medicare nor well-care will pay for services that are not covered. Also, you understand if you're getting assistance from a licensed agent that will be me. I'll be getting paid by well-care based on your enrollment into a well-care today. Do you understand? All right. So by joining this Medicare Advantage plan, Mr. Philip, you acknowledge that well-care will share your information with Medicare who may use it to track your enrollment, to make payments, and for other purposes, allowed by federal law that authorized the collection of information. Also, your response to this enrollment is voluntary. All the information you have provided is corrected the best of your knowledge, and you understand that if you intentionally provide false information, you will be disenrolled from this plan. Do you understand? All right. Today's date, Mr. Philip, is January 24, 2024. Today, by completing this enrollment request, you do understand the enrollment application process as described to you earlier. So please state your first name, last name, and today's date for the recording, and today's date. January 24, 24. Okay. Great. Thank you. So, your agreement here means, Mr. Fagan, that you are the authorized person under state law to complete this enrollment, and any documentation of this authority will be available upon request by well-care or by Medicare. Do you understand? All right. So your premiums are going to be zero premiums a month. Now, if you do have a late and wrong penalty, that's going to be waived since you have LIS, and let me just check and see here what else I have for you. If any bill comes around your end, you'll be getting a coupon book, but I don't see any bills since you have zero copay, zero insurance, zero premiums. So we're almost finished. Just to summarize, Mr. Philip, you have submitted an application to Medicare, and assuming that Medicare confirms your approval, your effective date will be February 1, 2024. Now, the first thing you'll be receiving is an acknowledgement letter confirming receipt of this application. And then, in about three weeks from today, you'll be getting all your documents and your card in the mail, along with that spendables card that you were looking into, that $150. It's going to be there, and it's already going to be activated. You can call us and make sure it's active, and just call the number in the back of your ID card. All right. Now, this concludes the enrollment application process. Mr. Philip, I do have a confirmation number for you. If you want to write it down, all right. Confirmation number is going to be 402-1229-09. Okay. There's 402-122-909. And Mr. Philip, before you go, do you have any questions for me? All right. So if you do have any questions in the future, you can give us a call back. Number is 1-833-444-9088. Now, you want to write down my number, Mr. Philip. I'm going to be your agent from here on. All right. Yes. Text, I can, do you have an email? All right. What is your email address? That gmail.com. All right, Mr. Fagan. I'll definitely do that for you. I'll send you an email. I'll also send you an email with this enrollment application. All right. All right, Mr. Fagan. Yep. Thank you for enrolling into a well care plan today. And I hope you have a good rest of your day. Bye-bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hi, good morning. I already have Mr. Phil a vegan with us. In this episode of Dip Code, it's 2-9-4-7-7. And his birthday is June the 12th, 1949. And he gets Medicare A and B with an advantage plan and Medicaid. And he was told he was supposed to get help for these extra benefits, but he's not receiving more information. Can you look at that? And he said, then it might be something too. Yes, vegan. It's F-E-A-G-I-N. Oh, I'm sorry, June the 12th, 1949. Thank you guys. Have a wonderful. Yes. I was just checking on my benefits ahead and receiving a flash card rent. It's been a while on that. I was trying to figure out. Oh, yeah, I've been qualified. I just hadn't received my card yet. I'm a client. I'm a dental, I'm on a dental plan. I don't have that with me. No, 2-4-8-84-1982. Did it? 2-4-8-84-1982. Yep. Yep. Bacon. F-E-A-G-I-N. G-I-N, not C-I-N. 905 Deep Street St. George. Yep. Yep. All right. I already got one set up. If they were supposed to be. No, I showed them. I can't remember the name. Well, it's something like that. Well fair. I think that's what it is. Well care, yeah. I don't think I'm with them. If I can get a better deal, yeah. This one right here. This one right here. 803-662-842. I mean, eight, eight, four, two, zero. Yep. Did you have to tell the Kelly about that? I don't know. I don't know. I ain't worried about that. I don't know. I've worried about the dental. The implants. All right. Okay. I had this in the cover everything right. You see this is the cover everything? All right. Okay. All right. All right. Yep. I don't know what it is. All right. Okay. All right. We have four or five minutes to lunch. Just sitting there and get a seat. Come on, too. You have to hang out with? Yeah, right there. Yes ma'am. Yes. All right. No, I don't know. I think it's air, they sent me a one-around. Yeah. I didn't have one last one. Set me up with Dr. Agenstein-Gillars. don't know who, Eric, I think his name was Eric, or something. I think it was, I'm not sure. That's what it sounded like. Yeah. All right. Okay. Now I'm not paying pill and I'm blood pressure, CVS. I think it's, what is it? I'm trying to think of the name of it now. Little tiny white pill. I can't think of the name of it now. I'm trying to remember. All right. I don't have that. All right. Yep. Yep. That's pretty good. That's good. Now that's similar. They send me a list of the on transportation numbers for transportation. All right. All right. Okay. All right. That's pretty good. Yeah. You know, many things along with those covered implants and all of them. Yeah. Yeah. Cause I fed them the last and the last and I could only go one time at once. You know, for them, for implant just one time a year and that, yep. That wasn't hitting on much. That wasn't hitting on much. All right. Okay. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Yeah. All right. Pretty good. So far. All right. That's right. All right. Okay. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yep. That's it. That's right. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. All right. Yep. No, no, no, no, nursing home. The only thing I know is that I'm not a hip center of things. The only thing on the. No, no, no. 905 deep street. The deep. The U. K. ES. The U. K. ES. Deeps. Yep. Yep. Yep. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's right. That's right. No, retired regular B.R. All right. Okay. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Phillip. Phillip. Phillip. Fagan. 24. Where's 24? Yep. Yep. Yep. All right. all right yeah okay all right okay all right look at that all right you're not right now no all right can you take it to me yeah you can do it email if you want to fill up uh pagan at gmail dot com all right appreciate it all right you're too now thank you bye