Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hey, John, this is Stephen Lewis doing just fine heard your voice mails I take it you're looking for I hear on the voice so I look at for help at looking at the Medicare plans. Oh wow. And do you know the plan that you had was that it was a Medicare supplement or a Medicare Advantage plan right now if it's HMO if it's HMO wasn't a supplement if it's HMO which it was a Medicare Advantage otherwise known as a Medicare C is entirely that means that that means it had probably had like hearing dental vision and covered your prescriptions all on the one plan. Yes, yep okay so we got to get you on a plan to start February if that plan ended. You sound like you might be you might be driving when's a good time for us to talk when you're safe. Not the old health plan number the Medicare number yes because then I'll be able to pull out what your plan was and see everything that you have with Medicare. No, before you tell me that I've got to play a disclaimer I'm not allowed to hear without playing a disclaimer it's a it is a 90 second disclaimer that is incredibly boring that the Center for Medicare Medicaid Services require I play so it's going to be 90 seconds of pain and it's going to let you know these calls were recorded for quality training purposes and I'll ask permission to discuss Medicare plans and if we get disconnected do I have permission to call you so I'm going to play it right now okay starting right now. Tuesday, January 23rd, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex. If you speak a language other than English language assistance services free of charge are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare Advantage, HMO, PPO and PFFS organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason we will need to reach you at this number even if it is on the do not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number including by Autodilor or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the do not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us a privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident and hospital coverage. Okay, thank goodness that is finally done. Did you hear in understand and reach that disclaimer that was just played? Okay, and please note that we represent nine organizations which offer 38 products in your area so it should be a great chance we'll find the right plan for you. So, next up, I am actually ready, whatever you are for your Medicare number then I'll pull your file up. Okay, a moment. Okay, I have found you and I can see exactly what you're talking about. You had an HMO, was it an advantage plan that you started in January 2022 and that plan ended December 31st last year, the Empire Medi Blue Health Plus that ended. Okay, got it. Alright, so as I go in your area to look at the plans, two things that we have to do to make sure you're in the right plan. Number one, the doctors that you're going to, the ones that you like, I want to make sure I have their names so I only look at plans that those doctors like. And then I'll want your prescriptions so all your prescriptions that you're taking I select a plan that will cover all those prescriptions and then I'll narrow it down and look at those plans and see which one has the most benefits for you amongst once that's been narrowed down. Do you happen to have? Okay, and would you please confirm the zip code in county you're in? Is it the same that's on your Medicare file? Okay, so 11790 in the Sulfa County. Okay. Alright, so Howard Sussman, where are you at? Sure, let me see if I can find him. Okay, there he is. He's got three office locations. Do you see him in Stony Brook or Lake Grove or in East Succeedick? So, got it. Okay, gotcha. So the one that you believe that you're going to go to was for Smith Haven Mall in Lake Grove but you'll see him anywhere that's close to you, right? Okay, for Smith Haven Mall, right? And okay, yep. Sounds good. Okay, any specialist that I should know about that you want to make sure is in the plan? We don't have to have one. If you trust Howard Sussman, so you just trust any specialist that Howard tells you go to, correct? Okay. Alright, Roger that. So, next up. And actually, before you even ask, I'm going to take a quick look real quick to see if Sussman takes a lot of plans or is he particular? Let's see what we're working with already. Sure. Okay. Okay, Roger that. Next thing I want to do, oh, are you able to make your own healthcare decisions? And then is there. Do you have anything like VA benefits? Okay, do you have anything with an employer or job or union coverage ending like that? How about any type of state Medicaid or state assistance? Alright, next thing I want to do is I want to make sure your prescriptions would be covered on any plan we're considering. Do you have, do you have that prescription list? Or should we, it's up to you if we can postpone the call if you don't have it, it's up to you. Okay, if that's, if it's, it's up to you, so I'm ready for the first name, if you ready. How many milligrams? Okay, I have to tell you what, what do I give you some. Some options that may pop up and see if that rings a bell. So chlorothylodone, there's only 25 or 50 milligram. You know how many times a day you take it? Okay, I'm ready for the next. Do you know if it's 25, 50 or 100 milligrams? Okay, then how many, how many times a day do you, once a day? Okay, I'm ready for the next. There's 100 or 300 milligrams. How many times a day? Okay, I'm ready for the next. So the chlorothylodone, 25 milligram, low-sartan, 25, and alipurin all to 100 milligrams is currently what we're looking at, right? And then what pharmacy do you like to pick those up at? Stop and shop at 250 pond, path, in self-sequit? Okay, got it. Okay, so my next question before I start looking is. As I look at the plans, they have your doctor and your prescriptions. And I'm comparing them. Some can be a little bit better than others at different things. Or worse than others, you know, better one thing, but worse than another. What would you say is your priorities between let's say transportation benefits, dental, over-the-counter allowance, or money back to your social security? What would be, what would you prioritize as your number one thing that you're hoping to get with the plan? Yeah, keep in mind, I'm looking for everything. Don't make no mistake about that, but yeah, sure. Like transportation, you're hearing, you're dental, you're vision. Hearing and dental, you're top two. Yeah, like they're all going to have the $0 copay for your eye exam, but then how much money you get for your vision? That's very, that's not, that's usually not that important because like whether if it's $100 or $200, it's not going to make like a big difference. Yeah, right. Sure, no, that's good enough right there. That, you know, like hearing and dental being the top two priorities, that's good. And then can you tell me of the plan that's canceled? And I'm sorry to hear about that. That, that empire, many blue. Can you tell me one thing that you loved about the plan and then one thing that you hated about it? If you can, don't worry if you can. Sure, no problem. You don't have to answer it. I just ask things like that because sometimes, sometimes somebody will, you know, we'll pop something up that I'll just make sure. Oh, I hated this about that and then I'll make sure that won't be in like the plan I'm looking at or something like that. You know what I mean? Yeah, or what, appreciate the what they have. What was that? Ah, yes, gotcha. Ah, yes, that goes right back to the hearing and dental. Yeah, okay. Got it. Gotcha. Oh, that one costs 25 a month. It looks like the one that you had, right? Right, okay. Okay, give me some time here. I'm looking at different plans and see which one I like. Okay, your doctor is actually very particular about the plans he takes. So I'm going to have to take a little bit, some, a little few more extra minutes to really dive deep on that. Yeah, he is. He actually, he's, you know, because they like to. There's a couple of plans. I, a few plans that I see that he does take, but they're absurd premiums. Um, one of them's like a high premium, and then the other one is there's two other ones that are so absurd that there's, there's no way I would sell like an advantage plan that costs that much. Um, if I would even consider paying to suggesting a premium like that is so, and I would actually, we have the route of a, going to supplemental. Supplementals have no premiums, but supplementals have. I mean, you're relatively healthy, so there's no reason to do a big premium for you. How often you go in the doctor per year? Yes. Yeah, that's not, that's nothing. All right. Man, I really don't want to suggest doing something without your doctor, but in a few moments here. I'm going to tell you what your plan options are to go like with plans that have your doctors and the premiums are big. And then we'll have to, you have to decide if maybe you would consider if there's a plan. I'll give you the, yeah, I'll tell you right now. Um, give an example, three plans, I know for certain, he takes. Okay. Number one, one is a, is a big premium and you have to go to a specific location for him. And it is 73 dollars a month. And that would be going to see him at 100 nickels road in Stony Brook. Um, that's an anthem plan, 72 dollars a month. That to me is a big premium for an advanced plan. That's a really big one. Um, then two other ones that he takes, that carrier that had your plan. They actually still have plans in your area, but it's the one that you had that was $25 a month that they ended. They now have plans that I mean, I wouldn't even, I could not consider this. One is, is a $219 a month premium. And another one is a $241 a month premium. It's the, it's the emblem health. And he takes those. And I mean, like, when the other options, there's plans, they're for $0 a month. That they, you know, they'd find a doctor for you, but at least it's $0 a month versus like, like, those, I've never even sold. The whole, the whole, I've been, it's been a policy for $219 a month. Um, when there's options for like zero, because vintage policies are usually, like you are paying like the 25, most similar, like zero or 25 or 15 a month. Um, so he, I'm, I'm, I haven't given up hope yet though. I'm still looking to see if, if, if maybe that, um, the information he has an update is information I'm digging in deeper. Um, but in a few moments here, if I cannot pull a miracle with that doctor, we may have to, you know, we could actually, if I can't get a plan that he's in network. We'll do, maybe we'll do a PPO in a PPO means that you could see doctors out of network, but they just charge more for the copay if they're willing to see you, but at least you'll have like that option. Um, but hang on, I'm still looking at, uh, mm-hmm. When you speak to them, you have to be super specific because the people at the front desk can answer very quickly and very, um, almost like brush office. It's like it's just you can't, it's like don't accept that, oh, we take United Healthcare or oh, we take humanity that is nowhere near specific. Yeah, it's got to be, yeah, yes, I can, but also I'm still looking right now. Are you still okay on this phone call now or have you run out of time? Okay, okay, got you. So let's do this. Um, first of all, your email is the JLalios 25 at gmail.com. Okay, um, before email you, I actually want to look up his office and I'll call and ask. Okay, I'm going to call them and I'm going to ask them to cut to the chase that way. I'll know. And then, um, and then when is a good time for us to schedule a call back after I've, uh, spoken to them. Because I'm going to call them today. I mean, I'm going to, I'm going to call them very soon. Sure, one's a good time for us to talk tomorrow. Okay, I will call you at approximately 230 tomorrow. And when I talk to you 230 tomorrow, I would have already talked to your doctor's office. And I'll, I would, you know, I'll tell you exactly what I, what I, what I recommend. And then, um, and then the only thing is on the 230 is that I talk to so many people. So, but it won't be precise. So it'll be, it's almost, yeah, it's almost like a, uh, yeah. Yeah, but give or take it. It's almost like a cable guy. But like, uh, you know, in that range of the 230, I will call you. And then I'll tell you the details of the plan I've recommended. I've already, would have already spoken to your doctor's office because I'll be calling them today. So I'll tell you the details of the plan I recommend. And then I'm going to email or text you for you to sign it for to start February 1st. And, um, we're definitely under the gun time wise because we, they've got to mail you like the packet of information and all that stuff after you sign. And you want to have your stuff as soon as possible. Um, but tomorrow will be our sign up for the February 1st plan. And I will know which plan when I call you tomorrow to approximately 230 mm hmm. Well, here's the difference between HMO versus PPO in general. And I don't know which plan I'm recommending it if it's HMO or PPO, but here's the difference. HMOs, you see your primary care physician. And he refers you to a specialist. And you have to see your doctor's in network for the look for it for your, your plan co pays unless it's an emergency. If you go outside the network, you'll, you'll pay the whole thing out of your own pocket if it's on emergency. Now, PPO's. PPO still have a doctor network just like HMOs, but there's no longer necessary referrals. You have your PCP and network. And then they could, they could tell you who that you want. They want you to go to and that kind of stuff, but the referral is not required. So it's easier to get like second opinions and that kind of stuff. And you see your doctor's in network for the, the lowest co pay, for example, like the PCP for zero. And like your, your plan last year, I see you have like a specialist co pay for 45. So like if you, if you see your specialist with the HMO in network, it's 45. You get, you see your PPO for 45. But HMO, you can't see how the network PPO, you can see how the network, but instead of paying 45, you'll pay like 65 for your specialist visit. You're, for your primary care provider that zero dollars. If you see a PCP out of network, you can see them, but instead of zero, it'll be like 20 or 25, for example. So PPO has more flexibility on as far as with doctors, because you can see out of network, and you just pay a higher co pay. Now why would anybody ever do an HMO over a PPO if that's the case? Here's why HMOs typically have more benefits. Like they'll both have hearing coverage, but HMOs will have more money for the hearing aids, more money for the dental. So HMOs usually have more benefits. PPOs have the more doctor flexibility. They'll still have benefits, but just not quite as good as the HMO. Those are the difference. So I'm going to talk, I'll call the doctor's office. And if we get an HMO with like a reasonable premium, ideally zero, or reasonable, something that's 25 or less, you know, that's going to be a no brainer. We'll do that tomorrow. If not, and if they're real, if his doctor's office is being super particular, then tomorrow, I'll tell you the decision if we go like a PPO or if like less benefits or something like that. But either way, I'll know, I'll know what we're going to do tomorrow when I call you. Yeah, my pleasure. All right, I'll talk to you tomorrow and then please be safe. My pleasure. Bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hello. How are you doing? How are you doing? Actually, I have Medicare obviously ready to play. That I had last year. It's no longer being offered by, and I had, I had, um, and by a medical health plus. It was easy. Okay. Okay. Let me, because again, yeah, I'm not totally familiar with all of the German alleys. I want to make sure I'm right. It was an HMO. And by the way, it was supplement. It was supplement. It was correct. I'm also hearing it still. Yes. Actually, I can talk now, because I got a ways to go yet. I have my plan in front of me. You know what I can do? Let me, um, I'm assuming you would like to know my, uh, my information, my Medicare card, and all the old, uh, plan number. Uh, you ready? Are you ready for the number? Go ahead. Yes, I do. I did. Okay. It is eight points, six points. She, X, two, are dual K97. Okay. I'll do the project. Yeah. I was going to, you know, one of the. I should run the same page. One of things that I wanted to confirm was. The doctor, my PCP's name is Dr. Howard Suspin, S-U-S-S-M-A-N. Yes, yes. Actually, he had an office in Stority Brook. He wanted Lake Grove, I believe, is the one that is offices now. But I've got any of his offices. I don't know if he's there. But he's not. But that first one that right there is the big desk primary address. That would be the address. Correct. I really haven't seen any special stuff. Other than that he's trying to take me. No, really, I mean, yeah, I mean pretty much, yeah. I am going to pull over in a few minutes. I want to check the text that I had. My wife. My wife is using it recommended a specific cardiologist. And that's something that's something I want to go for. To check up a towards, you know, anyway, I'll get that name for you as we go forward. So I could, I could pretty much give you probably about 80 to 90% of what I'm thinking right now. Court of sourdough. That I couldn't answer right now. I want to say 25. But they could just once. Little Sergeant. I want to say 25 again. Let's go forward with the 25. And I can confirm these at a later time. What's today? I will pure it all. 400. Once. Two major for the forward. I have double check on anything else here today. That's open. I mean, I. Stop the shop policy. And I use the way we. I would prefer to stop. Out of those for items. Can you say it again? Those are hearing it there. I would I would be carrying that. I go. Vision. I've got someone. Well, again, what would vision come? It's just like. Yeah. I agree. That is. That's a question. So hearing. Hearing. That's for sure. I'm not sure what else, you know. What else? Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. It seems like it is. I. I. I. I already. I know. Yeah. Oh, I. Oh, I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I was. That was. The hearing. Why? I needed hearing. That's why hearing was a lot. And I had one. You know, I had their shave. I would cover your head. Um. I'm sure that was today. Easy to do about the plate? It's up. Hey, it's up. Yeah, what was it there? I was on it here. OK. It goes to be very spectacular. How often? Three, four times, maybe. Oh, what is your example of what you do? I have an idea of what we do. I mean, my next step, because it sounds like we're going to be talking a few more times with this together. I also wanted to discuss this with my wife. But what I will do is I will call Suspens Office. I'll speak to Billing, and I'll get a better handle from them in that office if they accept. Or what they accept. Oh, no, I got it. No, no. Can you do me a favor? I'll give you my email address. Would you please email me the specific question and or information that we need to ask the proper question? I'm running out of time now. OK. Can we talk again tomorrow? I'm thinking around the same time around 230. Oh, don't worry about that. Don't worry about that. No worries. Right. That's perfect. Now, I have further interested in that where you said PPO. Instead of the HMO, that's, and it would just, I'm assuming, and again, I know you can give me more information tomorrow. But I'm assuming the biggest change in that is I may pay it for a copy of the Dodgers instead of no copy. Gotcha. OK. Got it. Thank you. Thanks again for your help. I'll speak to you tomorrow.