Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Oh, hello. Good afternoon. Thank you for calling me. Well, care. My name is Justice Christian. How may I help you today? Okay, just give me one second is your first name Brenda and do you currently have health care coverage Brenda and What do you have if you don't mind me asking? So what carrier are you with? Okay, what county do you live in? You're fine and have you ever applied for any extra or do you receive any extra help or Medicaid and do you know if your current plan is giving you any additional benefits like over the counter give back anything like that. So you get some over the counter, but you can't use it for food or anything like that. Okay, and can you confirm your date of birth Brenda? You happen to have your red way in blue Medicare card so I can verify your Medicare information. I'll just need the first four characters. Yep, just the first four. I can't. Sometimes it takes a little bit. Okay. Right. So it looks like you're in a PPO plan right now. Not seeing no extra health. Yeah. And how often would you say you go to the doctors or receive medical care in a year? Okay, so you're not seeing any specialist. Okay. You're okay. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Now you do have a primary care physician, right? Do you know the name of your primary care physician and her last name is Lyle as you said. Okay. Right. So there are some additional benefits in your area that I would like to go over with you that I still will help you out. But before I do so, I will have to play you this quick disclaimer. Okay. Okay. Sorry, some loans play the disclaimer now. Monday, January 22nd, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by Autodilor or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision. Where any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident and hospital coverage. So what I want to go over with you is additional benefits that work with your Medicare. Now this will get you $106 back a month. So this $106 benefit will come directly to you in your account the same way you get your social security. So of course you can use that for food or utilities or whatever you may need this for. So this is called the well care give back HMO. There's additional services besides that part being gives back. So there's telehealth included as well. So if you're unable to get to Julia's office, you are able to do a telehealth visit with her at no cost to you. There's also dental so you do get the preventive dental at no cost to you so that your euro exams, fluoride treatment all offered at a $0 co-payment. Are you a diabetic? Okay, so diabetic. Okay, do you take insulin? Okay, diabetic supplies are no cost to you lab services so your diagnostic test lab radiology services and x-rays are all no cost to you. Dr office visits for your primary care physician is no cost to you. Fitness is also included so if you're interested in going to the gym or the Y you will be able to and the membership will be way that no cost to you. Home health care is also no cost to you so if you're ever in need of a home health care age you would be able to receive one to help you around your health and no cost to you. Members who qualify are also eligible to receive meals delivered right to their door to improve their health so if you have any type of hospital say you would be able to receive two weeks of meals delivered to your door so that's three meals a day for two weeks. It doesn't matter how long you are in the hospital if it's an overnight stay that's what you receive when you get released. Over the counter so you get $40 and over the counter that you can use for a vitamin and you can use it for your personal care needs things like that and that's on top of the hundred six dollars back a month. Urgent needed care is included as well so you get $30 is a $30 co-payment for urgent care and then provisioning you get that routine ISM and then you get your contacts last as long as our frames a year or two. So this is additional benefits that will work with your original Medicare that will give you that money back and that over the counter so you will won't be paying as much out of pocket anymore for things. Now are you on any prescription medications what is it it's a shot and is there any other medications okay so you're not on any pills okay I'm not sure I don't think. And how often do you take that to invest that in pharmacy okay yep I'm sorry go ahead. All right and you said you go to Walmart pharmacy what would you say three needs are for you right now yeah yeah and if and when you ever have to go to the hospital what hospital do you go to and are you receiving any physical therapy or anything. Okay so I can help you get updated and start receiving these benefits for the February first give me a second here. And you're in what confirm your county one more time I don't know why I did update Marshall okay thank you. Okay your primary care physician is Julia Liles right okay right one second it's have to ask you a couple questions why don't I know where will be okay. Seems like there's always computer problems. Okay all right I think it's working now okay now you do not receive any Medicaid right all right now please know our call recorded for quality and training purposes. I do not offer every plan available in your area currently I represent seven organizations which offer 64 products in your area please contact medicare.gov or 1-800 Medicare or visit your local state health insurance program get information on all your options. Now is it okay if I continue now can you verify the spelling of your first the last name and your date of birth. Now for this application I will ask questions to process your application I will cover the plan requirements review the prior Roman checklist and the summary benefits and answer any questions you may have. The prior Roman checklist can also be reviewed on welca's website at the end of the application I will ask you to confirm the accuracy of your answers which will be recorded please confirm that you consent by saying yes. Okay your response to this form is voluntary however factors by may affect the Roman the plan we have free interpreter services to answer any questions that you may have about this health or drug plan. To get an interpreter just call us at 1-800-633-4227 this is a free service you are not required to provide health related information unless this information is needed to determine your eligibility term role. If you choose not to provide the requested health information you may not be able to enroll in the plan. We comply with all applicable federal civil rights laws and do not discriminate on the basis of race color national origin age disability or sex. For making our Roman decision is important that you fully understand the plans benefits and rules. Based on what we have discussed please confirm that you would like to enroll in the welca give back HMO with effective date of February 1st 2024 is that correct. Okay if you are ready to enroll then we will fill out the application and process the signature once we complete the signature I will give you the application number for reference. Tell you when to inspect materials in the mail and provide you with the customer service number for your reference. Now can you verify your date of birth one more time. All right and your phone number and is that a cell phone and can you verify your county of residents and your address. And is your mailing address. Oh sorry. Is your mailing address different than your permanent residential address and is large print okay to receive your updated plan materials. Okay and Julia lives is your primary care physician right. Okay and the SCP that we're using today is OEP the open enrollment period that is currently work early in now I have to ask you a couple more questions. So besides your original Medicare where you have any other prescription drug coverage. Are you a resident in a skilled nursing facility. Do you currently work. Okay will you have any other medical health coverage where you are the subscriber are dependent. Okay now I do have to read this to you Barbatum because it is CMS regulated keep in mind this is no cost to you. So you must continue to pay your part if applicable and part be premium. We will not collect any premiums at this time but we do need to know how you would like to pay any premiums in the future. So how that application is set up it's social security or coupon book so which one do you want to choose. Okay and now I have to play you this quick disclaimer just give me a second while I get it going one second. So it should be playing in a couple of seconds. I'm trying to take a while. Okay the Medicare Advantage plan and contract with the federal government. I will need to keep my Medicare part say in B I can only be in one Medicare Advantage plan at a time and I understand that my enrollment in this plan will automatically end my enrollment in another Medicare health plan. It is my responsibility to inform you of any prescription drug coverage that I have or may get in the future enrollment in this plan is generally for the entire year. Once I enroll I believe this plan or make changes only at certain times of the year if an enrollment period is available example annual enrollment period from October 15 December 7 or under certain special circumstances. Well care serves a specific service area. If I move out of the area that well care serves I need to notify the plan so I can disenroll and find a new plan in my new area. Once I am a member of well care I have the right to appeal plan decisions about payment or services if I disagree. I will read the evidence of coverage document from well care when I get it to know which rules I must follow to get coverage with this Medicare Advantage plan. I understand that people with Medicare aren't usually covered under Medicare while out of the country except for limited coverage near the US border. I understand that beginning on the date well care coverage begins I must get all of my health care from well care except for emergency or urgently needed services or out of area dialysis services. Services authorized by well care and other services contained in my well care evidence of coverage document also known as a member contractor subscriber agreement will be covered without authorization neither Medicare nor well care will pay for the services. I understand that if I am getting assistance from a sales agent broker or other individual employed buyer contracted with well care he or she may be paid based on my enrollment in well care dot release of information. By joining this Medicare health plan I acknowledge that the Medicare health plan will release my information to Medicare and other plans as is necessary for treatment payment and health care operations. I also acknowledge that well care will release my information including my prescription drug event data to Medicare who may release it for research and other purposes which follow all applicable federal statutes and regulations. The information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of my knowledge. I understand that if I intentionally provide false information on this form I will be disenrolled from the plan. I understand that my signature or the signature of the person authorized to act on my behalf under the laws of the state where I live on this application means that I have read and understand the contents of this application. If signed by an authorized individual as described above this signature certifies that one this person is authorized under state law to complete this enrollment and two documentation of this authority is available upon request from Medicare. Okay. Now do you understand and agree to the statements that we I know it was a lot. Do you understand and agree to the statements that we have reviewed on this call including your attention to the role. Do you understand that you're rolling in the well care give back HMO would propose effective date of February 1st 2024 subject to the approval by Medicare. Okay. Today is January 22nd 2024 took a firm your application to acknowledge the information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of your knowledge. You understand that if you intentionally provide false information on this form you will be disenrolled from the plan. So roll you in the well care give back HMO please state your full name and today's date. January 22nd 2024. Okay. Now do you have a pen and paper so I can give you your confirmation code and my contact information. Okay. So your confirmation number is HSN Henry P. S. and Paul P. S. and Tom 1 0 5 4 5 5 0 and my number is 8 4 4 9 8 1 1 4 0 7. And then it's extension 28 42 and my name is justice. Uh huh. 28 42 and my name is justice. Okay. So now I just want to do a quick recap of what we went over on the call. So you called it initially for additional benefits. This is going to get you $106 back directly in your social security. You get dental, you get vision, you get hearing, you get an over the counter card that you can use a $40. You can use that, you know, all your vitamins and personal care needs. Um, coal payment, there's really no coal payments. Dr. office is just for your primary care physician is no cost to you urgent care is $30. So you're gaining more than, you know, you was getting before. Um, so save my number in your phone. If you have any questions or concerns, you can just give me a call. If I don't answer, of course, I'll give you a call back. Now we do got one last step. I know we've been on the phone for a while, Brenda, but I do need to do a quick conference call. I need to do a quick conference call with one of the well care role miss specialist. Okay, that's not, this call is not going to take longer than five minutes. Okay, one second. Hello, Brenda. Hey, Brenda. So I have a role miss specialist on the line is she's going to take it from here. Okay? You're welcome. Bye. Good afternoon, Miss Brenda Mitchell. Hello, my name is Sigrid Bidal and I am part from the clearing match customer team. How are you today? Doing great. Thank you for asking. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. So today, we are confirming your enrollment into your well care guide package. Hello, with the start day of February 1st, 2024. Is that correct? I want to confirm that you have your agent's phone in contact information asked. She will be your medical advisor moving forward. Do you have her information? I also want to confirm that you know what we just want to make sure that you have it. No worries. We also want to confirm that you agent review your prescription medications and any doctors who are important to you. So I just need to read the last disclaimer. You'll be good to go. Okay? We would like to ensure we have your permission to call. Is there any need to follow up by saying, yes, you confirming that you agree and consent for our company to contact you. The phone calls, voice, notes and text messages containing information about our products and services. Women using out-to-dial or pre-coronement for these communications. And you know, required to consent to make a purchase. You are agreeing to receive these communications at this number, even if the number is not called, is you accept? I want to give you a big thank you for your enrollment. And do not hesitate to recharge your agent if you have questions to get in. Thank you very much and have a great day. Yes. Yes. Yes. You will receive the car and the welcome package in a couple of days. When you review information, if you have questions, you can always call us. Okay? You're very welcome. Have a good day. Bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Yes, I'm probably about the it's we've been so it's all right. Thank you. Yes, it is Through Medicare. Yes. What do I have? Oh, Lord, you would ask me that To be honest with you, I'm not sure I've never had to use it Marshall County in state of Kentucky. I should know that No, I don't. Yes. Yes. I can do some things over the camera. Well, to be honest with you, I don't know. I don't ever have to use it so I don't know. Really, I don't know what I've got. I'm sorry. Yes, 525 49. Okay, sure. Hold on just a moment here. Okay, you just need the first four. Okay, four K. Three, seven. Oh, that's all right. Oh my gosh, maybe two times. Usually it's not right now. No. Now, I have one in Pinduca, but I haven't seen her in several years. Dr. Wagner. She's up. And to be honest, I'm fairly healthy. I'm ashamed. I don't know what I have what I don't have. Yes. Uh, yes. Uh, not the law. Yes, Julia, wild. Yes. Uh, why? Oh, yes. Okay. Yes. Okay. Yes, I am. No, not bad. No, I don't. Yes. Okay. Um, yes. Okay. Clientist. It's lenses for my diabetes. Yes. Um, well, no, no, no, no, no, just my lenses. Okay. I take it once a day. You know, uh, I do take medicine. Yes. I'll say no. I know. I do. I'll take that. And then, um, uh, Walmart. And then, uh, I take that once a day, one table, five months, once a day. And that's it. I do. Yes. Oh gosh. But it's a hard one really because, you know, I have plenty of food. Um, my health is excellent for my age. I guess, uh, I guess probably healthy food is that, you know, I'm just, um, I'm very healthy. Um, Marshall County, Hamilton. No. Okay. My son is, that's a, that's all right. Marshall, Marshall County. You have it. Yes. Okay. Uh, oh, computer problems. Always. Yep. No, I don't. Yes. Uh, Brenda, bees and boy are in D.A. Last name, Mitchell. M-I-T-C-H-E-L-L. Five, 25, 49. Okay. Yes. Correct. Yes. Yes. Five, 25, 49, 27, 0, 9, 0, 6, 3, 2, 6, 4. Yes, it is. Marshall County, Kentucky. It's a five, two, seven, six, Benton, Birmingham, Road, Benton, Kentucky. Uh, four, two, I'm sorry, go ahead. Uh, no. That's fine. It's not necessarily the best fine. Yes. Right. Uh-huh. Uh, no. No. No. A social security. Okay. Okay. There you go. Right. Are the drive. Yes. Brenda, Lee, Mitchell. and today's date is, what is it, a topic, a January 22nd, 2024? Sure, hold on, just a moment here. Okay, go ahead. Uh-huh. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. Okay. One, four, zero, seven. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hold on, just a moment. The ascension, what was the ascension number? All right. 2842. Okay. Uh-huh. And you know. Okay. Right. Okay. That's all right. Okay. All right. Okay. That's bomb. Okay. Yeah. Hello. Okay. Well, thank you very much. Bye. Yeah, well, I'm doing fine. How about you? Good. Correct. Yes, I've got it right here. Mm-hmm. You want me to... Uh-huh. Okay. All right. Yes. Okay. Yes. Yes. Oh, man. Hello, man. Hello. Okay. I'll be getting all this in the mail, right? A card and everything. Okay. Sounds good. Thank you very much. Okay. You too. Bye.