Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling well care. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. My name is Keith Bauman. I'm a licensed insurance agent. How can I assess you today? Yeah, what do you say as data birth was in 1968? Okay, perfect. You can go ahead and transfer him over. Hey, good morning, Andrew. How are you? I'm doing good. Thank you for asking. So I got some brief information from the previous agent she's mentioned that you wanted to make sure that you're getting all the benefits that you're entitled through for Medicare. Is that correct? Okay, perfect. Yeah, we could definitely take a look to see what's plan options are available for you. Now, Mr. Andrew, you have Medicare's parts A and part B. Is that right? Okay, perfect. And then do you have Medicaid as well or just Medicare? Yeah. Okay. Well, we'll definitely take a look to see what's available for you today. Now, Mr. Andrew, what is your last name? Already perfect. Already awesome. So yeah, we'll definitely look to see which benefits and plans are available for you. Now, while we're looking for these benefits, is there any other specific benefit that you want to see covered today? The part C plans? Okay. Yeah, we'll definitely take a look. That's exactly the plans that we're actually looking at. So we'll definitely see what's available in your area. Okay. Now, before we get started, Mr. Andrew, the Centers of Medicare do require that I play a quick 90-second disclaimer. The disclaimer is allowed me to give you a call back and allow us to speak about those part C plans today. And then as soon as we're done, we'll be able to take a look to see what you're eligible for. Okay. Already one moment. And here we are. Tuesday, January 23rd, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a planned slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a planned slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part, D-sponsor. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by Autodilor or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. Oh, I'm ready, Mr. Andrew. Thank you so much for your patience. Now, do you understand and agree to the disclaimer that I've played about receiving calls and texts to this number? Oh, I'm ready, perfect. Now to check your eligibility, do you have your red, white, and blue card? Oh, ready. Yeah, I just need it for to check your parts A and part B to make sure it's still active already. Take your time already. I'm ready for the number. It should be like numbers and letters and it should be like an 11 digit number. One, nine. Oh, all right, perfect. Okay, I have six W, zero, three, M is in Mary, no worries, D3, and then PK-19, no worries. Okay, oh, ready, let's take a look. It's still showing that it's off. Six W, D is in David, three, M is in Mary, seven, nine, seven, zero. Got you. And then PK-19, no, okay, perfect dip. I was able to find it here. No, I'm ready, and let's take a look to see which plans you're eligible for. Okay, perfect. Okay, perfect. Oh, ready. And then already. So, and I did find your Medicare. And let me just make sure, let me see. And you have LAS level two. And let me confirm that this plan will be a zero dollar premium here. Then zip code is seven, one, six, zero, one. And then you have LAS 100%. Okay, perfect. Oh, ready. Okay, so it does look like, so I was able to find your Medicaid and it does show that your Medicaid is still active. And it is showing that you have QI, which it does, which means qualifying individual. And so that covers your part B premium of Medicare. Now that would have allowed you to be eligible for the well care all dual a share plan. And then with this plan, it is usually a $25.10 premium. But since you have the extra help, it'll bring this down to a, it'll have an adjusted premium to zero dollars. The annual medical deductible is zero dollars. It does include the prescription drug coverage. It doesn't have a prescription. There's a zero dollar prescription deductible on medications and the maximum out of pocket, it's 3850 for all Medicare covered services. This plan does have the dental vision and hearing services along with the well care spendables card. With this plan, you'll have an annual maximum of $2500 for the comprehensive services for dental. For vision, it gives you $300 for unlimited contacts, glasses, lenses and frames per year. It has transportation. So if you ever needed to ride back and forth to your doctors, it does come with 36 one way trips. And then it has the well care spendables card that gives you $80 every month on the well care spendables card towards groceries, utilities, gas, rent, and over the counter items. Do you currently have a primary care physician? What is your doctor's name? Okay, no worries. Here's your time. Rivers. Okay, let me see Rivera. Okay, I see her here. And then do you see her at, she's with just percent hospital association at 1801 West 40th Avenue and Pinebluff? Okay, perfect. And then she does accept the plan as well. So that's great. Do you see any other doctors outside of Dr. Raquel? The only one. Okay, and what about medications? Is there a pharmacy that you go to to pick up medications? Which one do you usually go to the Walgreens? Okay, perfect. Walgreens on 28th Street, perfect. And then do you have the list of your medications that you're currently taking? Okay, yeah, I just want to make sure that they're covered. They should be but especially with the extra help that you have, but I just want to confirm to make sure no worries. All right, and let me see. Carb. And that's a pain. And then how many milligrams you said that one already, and then you take that once per day. Okay, perfect. Got that one. And the next one. And then you said how many milligrams? Let me see. 10 milligrams. Okay, I make sense already. And that's once per day already, perfect. Got that one. And the next one. Is it the Pantoprozole? You said Pant. How do you spell that one? How do you spell that one? Okay, no worries. Okay, okay. Okay, perfect. And how many milligrams is that one? 40 already. And then is that once per day? Got you. Okay, got it. Okay. And then do you know if it's a 6.7 gram inhaler or is it the 8.5 gram inhaler? Okay, it's simply gotcha. Okay, not a problem already. And then is there any other medications that you're taking? It is prescribed. Oh, over the counter. Gotcha. Okay, so the plan that offers the most benefits for you would be the well care dual access. Let me go back to it one second. The dual a sure the dual a sure plan. It's called the well care all dual a sure all HMO DSN P. This plan usually has a monthly plan premium of $25.10. But since you do receive extra help, it'll reduce the cost and adjust and have adjusted a premium to $0. This plan has an $0.00 annual medical deductible. It has a it does include your prescription drug coverage and it has a $0.00 annual prescription deductible for your medications. And let me just confirm the pantoprosal real quick. Hold on one second. Here to a perfect and remove this one. Okay, perfect. So all of your medications are covered at a $0.00 copay. So you'll have a $0.00 copay when you go pick up your medications. They all fall under tier one medication. And the only one that has a quantity limit is the beauty raw, which has a quantity limited of 17 inhalers per 30 days. Now I'm going to go through the summary of benefits and just let me know if you have any questions. Okay. On this plan, it does offer in home support services offered at a $0.00 copay for 24 tour and personal care service visits every year. This plan, it does come with a well care spendables card. If you ever needed an ambulance, it'd be a $275 copay. If you ever needed an ambulatory surgical center or a same day surgery, it'd be a $225 copay. For chiropractic services, it'd be a $20 copay per visit. The dental benefits on this plan include coverage for preventative and comprehensive services. The preventative services have no annual maximum and a $0.00 member cost sharing services include up to four cleanings every year. Bightwing and full-mouth x-rays, oral exams, oral cancer screenings and fluoride treatments, comprehensive services have a $25 deductible and a 50% member cost share and a $2500 annual maximum and services include but are not limited to fillings, root canals, parodonics, crowns, and dentures. For diabetic self-management services, it'd be a $0.00 copay for the training. Diabetic supplies the $0.00 copay and diabetic therapeutic shoes and inserts the 20% co-insurance. For a diagnostic test, labs, radiology services and x-rays, it's a $0.00 copay except for genetic testing, which would be a $50 copay. To see your primary care physician, it's a $0.00 copay. To see a specialist, it'd be a $35 copay for durable medical equipment at the 20% co-insurance. For emergency care, it'd be $135 copay per visit. This plan does include a gym membership at a $0.00 copay. For hearing, the hearing benefits in this plan are not limited to an annual exam. Hearing aid fitting and evaluation enough to $500 per year towards hearing aids every year, with the maximum hearing aid per year will apply. Home health care is covered at 20% co-insurance. Most immunizations are covered at a $0.00 copay. If you ever had to stay overnight in the hospital, it'll be at $350 copay per day, it's 1-5, and then a $0.00 copay per day sits through 90 with no additional hospital days. For inpatient mental health care, it's at $350 copay per day, it's 1-5, and then a $0.00 copay per day sits through 90. This plan, it does have outpatient mental health care services for mental health and psychiatric services at a $40 copay. For outpatient rehabilitation services, it's at $30 copay per pulmonary, it's $20 copay, for occupational therapies at $35 copay, and then physical speech and language therapy at $35 copay. For outpatient services and surgery, it's a $0.00 copay for a diagnostic conoscopy. For outpatient non-surgery, it's a $275 copay, and outpatient hospital surgery, it's a $275 copay. For outpatient substance use, it's a $40 copay for individual or group. This plan does provide you $80 every month on a single allowance loaded on the well-care spendables card. Whatever balance you don't use will roll over into the following month if not used, and these benefits are designed to provide them with the flexibility to use these benefits as best as their needs. You can use the well-care spendables card on groceries, healthy groceries. You can use it for your utility bills, like your cell phone bill, your Wi-Fi bill, electric bill, things like that. You can use it for gas, for your car. You can use it for over-the-counter items, and also additional dental vision and airing services. For the dietary services, it'll be a $35 copay for preventative and wellness educational programs. You'll have the $0 cost share. For prosthetic devices, it's a 20% co-insurance. For renal dialysis, it's a 20% co-insurance. For the skilled nursing facility, it's a $0 copay for days 1 through 20, and then a $203 copay for days 21 through 40, and then a $0 copay for days 41 through 100. This plan does include transportation, and it has 36 one-way trips every year to bring you back and forth to the doctor's appointments and dental appointments and things like that. For urgent care, it would be a $40 copay. And then lastly, the vision benefits on this plan include a routine eye exam, and up to $300 for unlimited contact, clock with lenses and frames per year. Now, outside of that, Mr. Andrew, did you have any questions before we start the enrollment process? You want to try it? Okay, perfect. Already awesome. So let me go ahead and just put the notes in the account, and then we'll go ahead and get started on the application, so to spare with me just one moment. Okay, and then here process. How has the weather been in Arkansas? Has it, I can imagine, it probably gets pretty cold in the wintertime, no? What? You guys lost power? Oh my goodness. How long did you guys, was it, did you guys, was it for an extended period of time? Wow, it was really that long, huh? Wow. Yeah, that's kind of like, it kind of reminds me because you know how a couple of years ago when like Texas got all that bad weather. Like all the snow and everything, it was probably something similar to that, right? Because you guys are not used to having snow. Wow. Wow. That's wild. Well, that's an adjustment. I'm in the Florida area, but I could imagine like if we ended up getting snow like that, I wouldn't imagine it would be like almost a shop, you know. Um, and here. Ready and then. Yes, and then Walter and pharmacy. Cover some medications. Yes, and then you're the applicant. Yes, and then Dr. Rick Hill, Rivera, already perfect. And then seven. Perfect. Today it is. Wow, you can't even make that up, huh? Wow, that is crazy. Yeah, it's been pretty chilly on our end as well. As I live in the Tampa area, I used to live in Orlando, but then I moved to the Tampa area once my wife got married and lately it's just been like even for us, it's been pretty cold. I think it was on, I want to say it was either Friday morning or Saturday morning, it was like 35 degrees. Really? Wow. That is crazy. That's too cold. Oh, my goodness. Yeah, no, that's wow. I couldn't even imagine that. Um, and then Medicaid and then Medicaid ID already perfect. And then you are one, nine, six, four, three, three, one, and then Medicaid local. It's QI. Okay. Oh, sorry, Bennett. Yes. And then medications. Okay, perfect. Oh, got that. No, let me just get the benefits here. And then this new plan will go into effect starting February 1st. So you'll still have your arm planned for the rest of the month and then starting February 1st, you should receive all the benefits from the plan already. And then here, okay, and here, and step it here, and then lastly, already perfect. And then just to confirm, Mr. Andrew, are you still at 3100 South Dakota Street? Already perfect. Now, when you called it, or when you first got the call for, because I know how like we were originally on a call with another agent and then they transferred you over to me, did they call out to you or did you call in? They called you. Okay, so we do have to do the call. Do we have to do the enrollment on an end bound call? So if you can grab a pen and paper real quick so I can give you my number. Okay. All right, so my telephone number is 844-981-1407. And then my extension, and when the answer to the extension is 1363. And then my name is Keith, my name is Keith, K-E-I-T-H. But yeah, so if we can, we're going to disconnect, and then it seems to be hanging up, go ahead and give me a call right back, and then we'll start the enrollment application. All right, I'll talk to you in just a second. Okay.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hello, I have here Andrew unlike who would like to review all his medical benefits that he's able to qualify his missing out. His zip code is 716-1. Can you please take the call from here? His date of birth is August 22, 1968. He's right here with us. Go ahead Andrew. I'm here. I'm good with you. Yeah. Right. I think my Medicaid is still active to Kirk. Okay. Yeah. Okay. I've been wondering about the policy. Medicare. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. Just a minute. Okay. Okay. What's number is that? Oh, yeah. Okay. Six, W zero, three, M seven, zero, PK one, nine. I'm sorry. No. I just woke up my eyes a little bad. It's a six, it's six WD three, M seven, nine, PK one, nine, sorry. Yeah. Yeah. Seven, zero. Right. All right. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.