Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hello, my name is Chris Fignatti. I'm a licensed Medicare advisor who well care Medicare. Who are the pleasures speaking with? Hey, gory thought that was you there. How you doing? I'm doing all right. It took a little break relaxed a bit and Yeah, just pretty much getting you Getting everything ready for you that the information I had at least so that we can make it an easy process for you, so Let's go ahead and let me get you pulled back up here All right, gory, and do you have your Medicare ID as well. Yes, sir, and then I just want to double check. We have the same you see the same doctor. Hey, Sherry, okay And what's that part a and b effective date? 2000 Let's see. Wait, which one does that? Oh, okay I appreciate that. So let me go ahead and just run the Medicare check here. Can you read that I'd be back to you more one more time? Yeah, the Medicare ID That's what it was Had a V and a Z miss mixed up there. All righty Yeah, it makes it into circle. Wow, yours actually has the right address in there. Mesa, Mr. Circle Let's see LAS looks good Okay, and were you also on the give back as well? Or were you you were on the same plan as she was that Okay, the Exactly. See what's new out there. What's going on and then I have your date of birth here is August 15th of 1965 All right, so let me just run a Medicaid check now That is good and it's so weird too, but I had one system that tells me that you didn't get Medicaid but under Yeah, you are S L and B only for Medicaid so you're eligible for that plan as well, okay Yeah, it looks like it looks like there's like been some like different information being input. I guess over time But yeah, I cleared up all that for you guys. I cleared up any address mistakes You know anything in there I put Yeah, I just made it so that Exactly So I have all your information all that legal information right here so they can't say nothing about it Now, right and you are cool to do it with that e-enroll. I can send you a link to it Perfect All right, and what about your prescriptions which ones are you taking? Do you know managing? Okay That's all good Okay, perfect You see there's the high droves and what else was it? Oh, yeah, I'm sure yeah, I actually get prescribed a panel all and gabapentin as well Just as a beta blocker And they think you have the gabapentin really helps with just nerve pain. So I had a severe burn So Perfect, so I got that on there. So let me just get my supervisor approval She should know about it Where are they? Oh, yeah, but take your time. I'll take a vape break at this point, too Yeah, like yeah, it's all different in every Medicare company you go to and this one I mean, it's good, but it just you require approvals this way. We get less Complaints so they just want everything double triple verified, which is good It's just when they're not around you know, you don't want people to wait Not perfect for me. All right, there she goes She's gonna ask for this All right, we have the approval perfect Okay, so let's go ahead Send this to you But yeah, Robin Frank ID, which are Medicaid ID I'm pretty shocked all this time. Yeah, those those cards you guys had I could have been using even though they're off for much, but at least now you guys would be getting both You know a or so month So that can be used for whatever Okay, yeah, I know that I think I'm not sure do they send you a separate RX card Then the spendables card to write the medical Okay, yeah, and you're saying your spendables card wasn't working, right? Yeah, that's odd. I love as of February 1st This is one of these plans for you and your wife will begin so you might be getting new spendable cards So we'll get all that in the mail to you. So it'll be all Activated new RX cards So we'll just have that we'll just have everything updated. Yeah Well, they there's when they should have a sticker on the card that you can activate it. Yeah, so just you call that activate it And you'll be good to go, but at least going forward. There shouldn't be any issues, you know with the card Normally normally it's five to ten business days So all right, and phone number for you 8702140785 do you want me to send it to you on your phone or email? Is that Sherries? All right, let's update that one then Okay Yeah, at least now it's good thing now that we did both you guys all all of your Medicare stuff is updated now, so anything from the past so No, next year you're fine now, so you're all good I'm at a Cade card. Yeah normally Medicaid sends you a card. Just call Department of Health and Human Services And they they should send you a card for the Medicaid, but normally for the Medicare Medicaid plans, which is the one you guys are going to be on now You're Medicaid that your Medicaid is tied in with it Correct, so you're gonna be your Medicaid is working with well care at all well Yes, sir The it makes it so much more easier you use that one card for anything medical wherever you go and your Medicaid Medicare is a part of it All right, of course what I did send you over the link. Let me know if you got that all right. Yep Yes, sir You're gonna click on it the first thing you're gonna see is my information Up in the top left clear match Medicare and then you see okay And then we'll show oh, yeah, take your time. I'm paid by the hour to Okay should load the rest up The actual housing Yes, you see where it says well-care all do usher HMO dual special needs plan $0 primary Mm-hmm doctor zero special zero inpatient hospital zero dollars Yes, sir, so that's the plan that we had went over which area as well All right, so now just scroll down and just make sure that all the information I put in there is correct That I didn't mess anything up and then you can go to the next next step You're done mm-hmm. Yeah, I have it be it because you have both Medicare and Medicaid That that makes you eligible, you know And then primary doctor Yeah, you can put you can put his optional Mm-hmm. So once enrolled or will you have any other medical health coverage where you are the subscriber or are covered as a spouse or Dependent that's probably a no because you guys have separate Medicare Yeah, that's for our veterans now how you want to pay monthly premiums. You're just gonna put coupon book Yes, sir All right, now you probably This will basically it's just the review of the application the acknowledgment And then finding Yeah, so they might I don't know if you if it's optional It's your choice. You can't be okay. Oh, okay. Yes, so the preferred language things Yeah, they can that's all optional New knowledge Yes, sir, and then submit application Yes, sir, right and I should be getting an email Awesome, we got you in this yeah, that that's my little new thing that we're trying to do it make it kind of makes it You know, not everybody you know is able to do it, but you know, it's kind of a night because you can also see the plan that you're Enrolling into as well so All right, so that's all did you get a Confirmation number. Yes, sir. I would Perfect. Yes, sir Hmm perfect All right, yeah, that's just so that I can prove that I worked with you there. Okay All right, Corey yet we are all done now, so yeah, I'm just gonna get you as well I like I did share each of the Verification specialists all they're gonna do is make sure that what we put is correct So and then after that you're all done. So you guys have my number as well Going forward to hear any any questions concerns whether it's Medicare Medicaid whether you just want to say hello You give me a call So I'm here Monday to Friday from 12 to 9 Is what I'm in here my pleasure, and y'all have a great one, okay Thank you Hello, this is good afternoon. This is unique. Someone with clear match Medicare customer care team My call can be recorded for quality and training purposes. I hope you're having a blessed day. So far so good I am even better now that you ask I appreciate that, sir I use that positivity Thank you So Corey today, we are confirming that you just are rolled into a well-kear Uh dual Dual acts. I'm sorry, it was a right well-kear dual All dual ashore HMO beef step and that will be effective in February 2024 with your agent Christopher. Does that sound correct so far? Congratulations. That is an awesome plan. Also want to confirm that you have Sorry, you did right by you. Also want to confirm that you have no questions are concerned regarding this enrollment And that you have your agent's full name and direct contact information. No questions are concerns Wonderful Okay, then he was able to ask you about all your doctors as well as any prescriptions that were important to you Just confirm me Perfect and then lastly, this is a Medicare dual eligible special needs plan It's an awesome plan, but it's also only for people who have a Medicare as well as Medicaid So if your category of eligibility with Medicaid ever changes Please won't reach out have the teacher reach out to Christopher as the cost share may increase or decrease And that will give him an opportunity to find the plan specific to your care needs, okay Thank you Now this particular plan does require extra extra step is a health resource assessment on for verification And only takes less than two to three minutes and you're also not required to answer any questions You don't want to I'm only required to go through the process the purpose is to provide you the opportunity For well care to maximize your needs resources and benefits basically just ensure you are rolled into plan It's going to take care of all your needs You're not required I just said you don't have to answer any questions. You don't want to but is it okay if I proceed? Awesome first question on the assessment is how would you rate your overall health? Would you say excellent or very good fair poor decline answer? Awesome And now this is just a list of health conditions, which it is a list. I will restart it But if you're is it can you only have to say yes since it's a list to the ones that you are either taking Prescriptions for seeing a doctor for okay, you don't have to say anything to the rest of them and it will help me breathe through the list, okay? Okay, so the first one is a diabetes asthma COPD and facima lung conditions cardio vascular disease previous heart attack AIDS heart failure High blood pressure arthritis or dementia Okay, thank you Okay, awesome and now do you have you had any issues with reliable transportation making sure you get to your doctor's appointments at all? Okay, and you're living situation would you consider that stable and secure at this time? Beautiful and as far as um, are you still safe around the people in your home and your life at this time? In the past 12 months have you been worried about food running out before you had money to buy more? Have you been feeling down or depressed or anxious in the past two weeks? How do you need any help with the following um supportive needs and these this is another list, okay? And you you only have to say yes to one's that apply like walking grooming Getting in or out of your better chair eating bathing dressing using the toilet okay, so there's another list bear with me shopping food preparation using the phone Housekeeping laundry Transportation checking your meds ability to handle your own finances none of the above And do you have a living will or advanced directive in place? And would you like information about this in the future or are you okay? You got it during the past um month. Have you had any pain that interferes with your normal activities? And um, do you have any any falls in the past year or so? Have you had the following vaccinations? Covid, technic, shingles, flu? Anoma monia Okay Okay, this is only have to perform more questions um once the last time you see in a dentist has that been longer than two years or less than Okay, okay, they're enough. Um, in the past year have you had any issues with alcohol or tobacco? That was two questions If you happen to know the current year We are in Demanding and how would you like well care to communicate with you? Would you prefer phone calls, voicemails, text messages, emails or no response? absolutely Completely respect that sir and their complete your assessment I want to thank you for allowing me the opportunity to ensure that well care takes care of your specific needs Sounds like you're doing great though Lastly, we'd just like to ensure that we have your permission to call if there is any need for follow-up in the future Would that be okay? Thank you sir by saying yes you confirm agree and consent for this company to contact you with phone calls, voicemails or text messages containing information about products as well as services We may use an auto-dowler and or prerecorded message for communications You were not required to consent to make any purchases You are agreeing to receive communications at this number even if your number is on a do not call us Reason why I read that in full detail is so that your agent and team can reach out and ensure that you have ID cards and paperwork It also gives us the permission to follow up with you some time to time to be sure your plan is working for you and that you have no further questions I would love to thank you for enrolling with us We appreciate you Please don't hesitate to reach out to your agent If you have any questions in the future I wish you well sir You have a blessed day Thank you for choosing clear much Medicare today Bye bye Bye pleasure Take care

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  So 6, V14, HV7 board, 2000, party, 11th month, the 1st, the 2000, the ID, it's 8WO6, V14, HV7 board, yes, party, yes, yes, we're done at all at the same time, you know what I mean? I call them and they said it's both us, but it's been a while since we talked to anybody to see what's going on in the news. Yeah, yeah. Yes, I was. I got a Medicare card, but it's about messed up, but it's from 2002. Okay, okay. Well, I know my medical. My Medicaid card's in pretty bad shape. Okay, you think? Okay, cool, yes. I take high droves, I take high droves, I take well, well, well, or pin the rots with my legs, I take no no, no, no, no, no. Yes, that's all good. Yes, yes. No health problems that I know. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I believe my neck out. That's why that's why I take it and then I see what else is that I take. I believe that's about it. Taking a cigarette break. Yeah, I don't mind you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's true. I ain't doing nothing. I ain't sitting here talking to you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, well, I used mine here a little while back and it didn't go through and then I used it to get a day to get her a few medications that Walmart and it went through. So I don't know what to do with my card. It worked out last time. So yeah, I got, yeah, I got an expandable score. I got a RX card. And then I got that blue card where you got for your eyes and mouth. Yes. Yeah, I got a spendable card. I got a RX card and then I got that other card, the flex card. Yeah, it wasn't working and I used it at Walmart last week. I think it was to get her some medicine over the counter and it worked. So I don't know if I'm having trouble with it or what. Okay, so we don't have to call in and activate them. Yes, okay, okay, okay. And how long do you think it'll be until we get these cards, you know? Okay, we'll keep a close eye on the mail then. No, that's not my phone number. No, no, that wasn't her number. That was my old number. I got another number I've had for about 10 years now. I guess. Okay, it's 870-214-2182. Good, good. And we have to do this again next year. You're saying now? Okay, okay, okay, okay. Sherry's wanting to know about a Medicaid card. You know anything about a Medicaid card? Okay, yes, yes. Okay, okay, so we really don't need a card. Okay, thank you, thank you very much. That keeps it together a lot better. Good, good, okay. Yes, enrollment link. You'll click on it. Okay, I'll click on it. Okay, it's still loading. Give me just a minute. Okay, that's a good thing. Okay, I see we do not offer ever a plan available in your area. Wait time two minutes. It's still loading a little thing here at the very top. There it goes. My information, Medicare information, submit application, HMOS. Yeah, monthly plan premium zero. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Okay, okay, I'm doing it right now. 452, next step. Okay, okay. Right there it is. Okay, got Medicare number, lead type Medicare number, hospital part A, Medicare part B. I am a new, what do I do? Okay, okay, you don't think that I qualify. Okay, okay, so scroll on down. Okay, scroll on down. Primary doctor, yes, see that. Okay, are you already a patient of this position? Do I answer that or not? Okay, I'll put yes, because I'm already a patient. Okay, how about my current coverage move? No, no. Yes, will you have other prescription drug coverage like we have? No, I won't have none either. Okay, no pain, coupon book. Okay, and then go to the next step. Okay, yeah, preferred language. Okay, going down the bottom of the sign. Okay, I acknowledge that. Yes. Okay, I clicked on this, I read. I acknowledge that I have read the above who is enrolling. I am signature by clicking this box. I read my first and last name is accurate. Okay, I clicked that and then submit application. Okay, there it is. There's some graduation. Yeah, it does. Okay, confirmation under. Yes, sir, I did. Do you need it? Okay, it's H, T, T, and big letters. It's 1, 0, 5, 6, 0, 5, 0. Okay. Okay, okay. No pain. Yes, I'll pick it. We'll do it, buddy, I promise. Okay, man, we sure do thank you now. Thank you for everything. You too, man. Yes, ma'am, I hope you are too. Thank you. Thank you for asking. Okay. Yes, ma'am. Yeah, I'll do it. Yes. No, ma'am, we have a number. Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay, we will do that. Okay. Yes, ma'am. Very good. Okay. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, yeah, I got arthritis. I do have arthritis. Oh, I don't, I don't have any problem, ma'am, no. Thank you. Very stable. Yes, ma'am. No. No. Okay. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No problem. No. Yes. No. No. No. No, ma'am. No. No. No, I had to, no, I'm taking one extra. Okay. It's a man right at three years ago, but I had him all pulled. No. Yes, we're in 2024. I'd rather have a phone call where I could talk to somebody, you know, because it'd be easier. Yes, ma'am, make sure we'll. And we thank you very much, ma'am. You have a blessed day too.