Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling Glow Care Medicare. This call will be recorded for quality and training places. My name is Monika and I'm a licensed insurance agent. How can I ask you to do that? Okay. Okay. I can help you with that. So you haven't moved. You're just at a town for the moment. Gotcha. Okay. How long has it been since you moved? All right. Let's take a look. And what is the, well, let's start with this because we know we need to get your new card out. What is the new zip code? Gotcha. All right. And there's a couple of things I do have to say that Medicare requires. So I'll get this out the way and then we'll get you pulled up. Okay. And it says, please note, we do not offer every plan available in your area. It is my job to assist you in making sure your benefits fit your needs. And you've already, you've already confirmed the zip code. Could you tell me what county you're in? Okay. I think I've got it. It's all New York. Mm-hmm. All right. So let, and what is the new address? Mm-hmm. Gotcha. And you said for 731, what was that like? 7th floor, bed 31. Okay. Let's see. And you guys can get mail at this address, huh? Okay. Let me put this in. 7th floor, bed 31. Correct. I got it. All right. So let's see. Let me take this mailing out here because it's still showing Pennsylvania, so I had to take that out. He said, yeah, take that out. Okay. I got you. And so that way I can address you properly as well and notate the call. May I have your first and last name? I got it. And Mr. Lewis, in case we're disconnected, can you confirm your phone number for me? I got you. Is there a second phone number you'd like to add, or is that a good number for you? All right. One of the last things. Can you verify your date of birth? Oh, look at you. A real sweetheart. Yeah. Well, I'm hanging in there, hun. And hanging in there really pretty much all you could do, you know, it's like you want to complain. Well, we finally lifted a little bit over here. It's still cold, but at least we don't have to worry about them coming, you know, to salt the roads before we can go anywhere because they've been slacking. Yeah, they've been slacking our way. Like they're not coming out until noon, you know, people have to go to work early. So if you go down that hill, you're not going to be able to get back on the road, you know, it exactly. It looks like you can until you get in that car and have no control. So I just said, you know, I'll eat peanut butter and jelly if I have to get stuck in the house because I'm not going out for dinner, too. Well, I've got your zip code pulled up. One of the things I want to make sure of, that's the most important. So that way you're covered here, do you, can you recall updating your address with Social Security at Eric? Okay. Mm-hmm. Go to the gym. Well, two, two things I'll look at. Well, two things I'll look at because I said two things I'll look at because I'm licensed in both Pennsylvania and New York. So most, most of the plans have silver sneakers, but I just want to make sure that not only do we get the cards to the right address, but you are in a plan for your, that area that you just moved to that we're updating today. One, yep. I got you, hun. I got you. So that's what we're going to do next. I'm going to get that pulled up, but first I need to see exactly what you had, because of course, we don't want to go into, if we want to look for anything that's similar to what you got, it either needs to be, you know, just as good or better. So I want to take a look at what you had before. So one of the things to do that, if you look on your red, white, and blue, mad, a care card right under your name, there's a series of letters and numbers. I just need the letters and numbers to get you pulled up. Oh, no, yeah. I can pull you, yeah, right, and I can pull you with your social, I'll pull you the old fashion way, since we're going to be using your social to get you pulled in, Eric. One of the thing Medicare requires, before we can review additional benefits, Medicare requires I play a recorded disclaimer. Now it's only 90 seconds. It's only 90 seconds. I'm not going to put any elevator music on you, I'll be listening to it with you. While this recording is playing, I'm going to be pulling the information about the area, okay. So we'll come right back to it. Let me go ahead and get this plan for us, son. Here we go. And I'm going to hear what you're wearing. Twenty seconds. Two thousand. Yeah, we're going to listen to this first. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information, unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFS organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number even if it is on the do not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the do not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. All right, thank you for your patience, Eric. Do you understand and agree to the disclaimer I played including receiving calls and text to this number? And is there anyone because some people have help? Is there anyone that assists you in making your healthcare decisions? Hunter, do you make your own healthcare decisions? All right, I got all of the well-care up in the area, your new area. So let's get you pulled up. Do I spell your first name, ERIC? Right, and do we have your permission to verify your eligibility and Medicare systems? All right, and your last name, Lewis, is that LEWS? Yes. Right, are you a senior, a junior, Eric? Well, I mean, do you have a son that would be Eric Lewis, Jr? So are you the senior or your father? That's where I'm from. Yes, I'm from Fort Walton Beach. Oh wow, so you're south. Yeah, you're south. It's just so expensive. It's so expensive to live in Florida. Now, is he a junior, though? Eric is a baby boy, Eric Lewis, Jr. or, you know, did you guys name him something else? So that way I can put you in this senior. Oh, okay. That's okay. Well, I just wanted to make sure. Yeah, I wanted to make sure because, you know, sometimes when people have, like let's say your father's name was Eric Lewis, and I'm trying to find you, it'll pull a senior instead of Jr., if I don't put it in. So we should be good to go there. And could you confirm your social? Well, right. He did just be because he's your son. Like you said, until you guys got the name changed over, you would be just Eric Lewis. Gotcha. So I've got your birthday. Could you confirm your social for me? Got it. All right. And do we have your permission to access your eligibility and Medicare systems? All right. Let's see. So let me put this in. 214-1558. That looks good. And that one looks good. And this one should do it. So let's do what we got. Okay, honey, I found you. And the good thing is they, you did good because they've already updated it in the system. So that is good with social security. So they've got it. So that is awesome. So let me get over here and grab this. And it looks like, honey, you've got Medicare and Medicaid. Is that right? You got Medicaid too. It looks like. And is that an appointment? You got to go to the Medicaid office. Well, that's what I'm looking at. That's what I, now, I'm on the other end of this, Eric. So that's what we're going to take care of while you've got me today, because I'm going to give you my number as well. But it looks like since you've got Medicare and Medicaid, Eric, you'll also get a food card from us. And so that's a food card. You can use it on utility pay. You can use it on gas at the pump. So there's a, it's called a well-care spendables card. And I'll be able to tell you, right, so you're missing that too. It's a good thing that you called in even though we're just needing your regular well-care card because it looks like you're going to qualify for that as well. So, yep, I'm going to get that done now. That's what I'm going to work on. So let's see. And I'm going to put it in how Social Security has it on here. So it's floor 7, bed 31. I had put how we said it. I did 7th floor. Yes, you can do utilities. You can do internet. Yep, you can do your over-the-counter items and you're out of pocket hearing dental envisions. So in a just a second, I'm going to run your, go ahead, hun. You get it all, you're dental, you're, that's what I'm working on now. That's what I'm working on because there's four of them here. So the higher your Medicaid is, Eric is basically, you know, the more you get. So I'm going to narrow these down with your information. And it'll tell me exactly how much you qualify for. And I'll be able to tell you that. Let's see, not a problem, hun. Looks like they switched you out of it. I don't know why, but looks like they took you out of it last year. So we got to get you back on it because you haven't had your expendable card. It looks like, oh, gotcha, okay. So did you still have that? Or gotcha, okay. Oh, gotcha. You're back in New York. Okay, that's where the Philly came in. I do, now I see, now I see it. Okay, so this is what we're going to have to do, Eric. Do you have something you can write with? I'm going to give you my name and number now. So that way you'll have that. And my number, uh-huh. So my, my mom got fancy with me, Eric. I'm going to spell it for you. It's a model, but it's I is in India. M is in Mary. A is in Apple. N is in Nancy. Emon. Yep, so it should be I am in. Emon, that's my first name and my last name is Anderson. All right, and my number hunt is 844- 981-1407. You got it. And my extension is, my extension is 2868. Yes, because it's toll-free. So 1844, you got it. You got it. All right, so this is what I noticed. Now, now it all makes sense. So we could bring the information you were told and what I see together. Remember when you said earlier that they told you you needed to come down to the Medicaid office? And like you told me, if I've seen a number, go ahead and give it to you, right? So the reason they have you coming down, it looks like you need to re-certify. Because right now it's got right now, and it's got you inactive. So what's going to happen is when you go down there tomorrow, they're probably going to get you set up and situated, because then they will give you a number. That number is what I need you to call me back with, so I can put you on that plan. So today, so we have something covering you as a February, since we don't know how tomorrow's going to go, we need to put you on a plan, because right now you don't have silver sneakers. So we can, it's going to be a $0 copay, so you're not going to pay for anything. So far as the plan is concerned, that's a $0 copay. So silver sneakers comes with that. So we'll be able to go ahead and get that started, but the most important thing I want you to know, Eric, is when you leave Medicaid, now if you're tired tomorrow and just don't have the energy fine, that's okay, because we're going to get you situated today, but I need you to call me as soon as they tell you, you know, if we're going to get Medicaid or not. So that way, I can put you on that plan, because we've got to have a Medicaid number. Right now, it's showing you inactive. For the Medicaid. Now, well, that's what I'm going to have to put you on, because right now, they've got you on a prescription drug plan only. So in order to get the silver sneakers, I need to update it to what you had before. Looks like you had this in 2023, earlier. So that's the thing. You've got a prescription drug plan. Right now, you've just got the prescription drug plan number, but I'm going to update it today, so that way it will start February 1st, with a well-care plan. So you'll have the silver sneakers, you're hearing dental envision, but we'll still be waiting on what Medicaid tells you, so I can update it to a Medicaid plan. Does that make sense? No, no, no. You're in a prescription drug plan, so you don't have the silver sneakers. Right. It's a prescription drug plan, though, Eric, is what I'm saying. So that's what I'm trying to tell you. We can get that pulled up, but meanwhile, what are you going to do about February 1st? We still need to get you on something that would start February 1st with well-care. But that's Medicaid. Medicaid's different from this is your Medicare side. Right, honey, but what I'm trying to tell you, Eric, I get what you're saying. We can get your prescription drug well-care number, but that is with Medicaid. I'm with your Medicare side. We got to get your Medicare side to reflect where you're at now with well-care. So there's not going to be a number with the advantage plan. That's what I'm going to do today. So when we finish, I'm going to call over there, because that's the drug plan you have right now. So we're going to have to call the drug plan to get the number, because you don't have hearing dental envision and several silver sneakers right now. All you have is the standalone prescription drug plan. Right, now, are you needing to fill a prescription? At the moment on, do you need to fill a prescription? Are you needing to fill a prescription? They use your Medicare. Yeah, they use your Medicare number, because you don't have a prescription drug plan in original Medicare. So they would use your Medicare number, because your Medicare is primary. You just have a drug plan with well-care. Now, once we update it, then you will have the well-care, what's called a Medicare advantage. That's how you get the silver sneakers. That card I can send to you. But if you need to fill a prescription or show proof of coverage, that's this card. That's a different department, though. So your red, white, and blue is what the hospital would use, because you don't have a well-care card for health. Original Medicare covers your health. Well, that's what I'm trying to tell you, Eric. It's the way that they do it. So once we finish, we'll get everything updated. Once we get everything updated, so those cards will get to you and you'll be effective by February 1st. We'll call the prescription drug plan line. They would be able to give you the number from that prescription drug plan card. But I know you mentioned silver sneakers. You don't have that. So we need to update it. They're going to have to give you the number, huh, because it could take up to, you know, the cards I sent out today will probably show up when we get the reprint. So it's going to be best if you get the information off of it, because if you get the information off of it, you could just give that to the pharmacy if you need to fill a prescription. But it's only for your... That's the one that I keep saying we have to call that department. This is the Medicare Advantage. Just the prescription drug plan only. So that's what I'm trying to tell you, Eric, I was going to call with you, but I was trying to go ahead and get this done. But if you want to go ahead and do that, I can get you over there, okay? So let me just get you over there, okay? Right, but in order for me to send the cards out, we... Well, correct, but what I'm saying, Eric, it's the way that we do it. So the cards aren't just going to come and let's me and you complete this side of it. Now, if you want to just hold off... Well, we can wait on it and then we could just call the PVP. Right, that's the prescription drug plan line. So I'm going to go ahead and get you over there to them, okay? So hold on, let me get you over there to just the prescription drug plan line because they can give you the number. So far, we can help you fight that, but there's a way to do it, Eric. But like I said, I'm trying to explain, but I don't want to get you frustrated. So I'm just going to go ahead and get you to the prescription drug plan line. We'll work on, you know, the other benefits later, but that way you can get your number, okay? But let me get you over here. Hold on. I understand that I can be enrolled in only one part D plan at a time, and that enrollment in this plan will automatically end my enrollment in another part D plan. The information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of my knowledge. I understand that if I intentionally provide false information on this form, I will be disenrolled from the plan. I understand that my verbal signature or the signature of the person legally authorized to act on my behalf on this application means that I have read and understand the contents of this application. If signed by an authorized representative, as described above, this signature certifies that, one, this person is authorized under state law to complete this enrollment, and two, documentation of this authority is available upon request by Medicare. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, CMS, collects information from Medicare plans to track beneficiary enrollment and Medicare advantage your prescription drug plans, PDP, improve care, and for the payment of Medicare benefits. Sections 1851 and 1861 of the Social Security Act and 42 CFR 422.50, 422.60, 423.30 and 423.32 authorize the collection of this information. CMS may use, disclose, and exchange enrollment data for Medicare beneficiaries is specified in the System of Records Notice, soren, Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug, Marx, System Number 97588. Your response to this form is voluntary. However, failure to respond may affect enrollment in the plan.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hi, ma'am. I'm in New York. Um, Miss had happened. They stole my well-care card, and I Was coming from Pennsylvania, but I'm in New York right over here in Manhattan trying to order a new well-care card Yeah, I still had my one Nation from rural in a year ago No, I moved from Brooklyn now in Manhattan three months. Okay, the new zip code here is 1 0 0 3 wait 1 0 0 0 1 that's 3 0 Okay Now this is right New York, New York So this county is called What county this is a downtown New York, so we in what can just New York, New York, what county is this? It's called New York, New York The new address is 1 2 7 West 25th Street New York, New York Jack Ryan Holmer shelter and that's floor 7 31 41 44 7th floor 7th floor 7th floor Yes, ma'am Yes, ma'am First name Eric, E-R-I-C Last name Louis, L-E-W-I-S Just kidding, okay 9, 29 7, 0, 3, 8 That's a good number for Data birth 14 19, 58 Real equipment Are you all doing all right over there? Yes, all we can do is try in there Is it for cold outside? It's for cold outside 20 miles No, okay Yes, the road You don't see a little slip of slide, you know So it's like, yeah Okay Yeah, I was calling a change of address Yes, so you see my new address and the well care I was trying to make sure they send me something maybe in a few days or so so I can, I have silver sneakers I wanted you to look up silver sneakers and see what YMCA in the area If I'm 66, I'll be 66 So I'm 66 in a couple more a few more days or can I go not to make sure I can still sit on the bicycle machine Jim basketball in here I can know it's good I want to know to have a plan for this area which is zip code is 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1 So it's 3, 0 Okay Yeah, that's what I was calling in about me they still in my well care card they still in my whole wallet so they got to my red light blue card so they went by my so security number and they ordered me a new one and they told me lose or they stole your card you got to order a new one so okay okay all right so you want to order a new one okay I guess so one yes yes I do make my own health care decision yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes I have has been up for 4-year-old son his birthday is passed in January but four years ago is in Florida should have been up to here a year a year and 2 years but I am from, uh, lived in the Tampa and I lived in, uh, in Cocoa, well, in Cape Canaveral. I lived in Cape Canaveral for a little while with a friend, uh, uh, and I lived in Keyway. So, my son is in rural mind and my drive license came from Florida that they stole. So, I'm trying to get a new ID, New York ID, drive license. So, uh, Brian? Yeah, his name is, uh, Brian, Brian, if, um, as one of the last name is Coram. So, I've been trying, trying to make him a, uh, Eric Louis, uh, Brian Jr., Eric Louis Jr., Brian. Anthony. So, we'll call him Brian. Hi, Jr. Jr., Jr. to, uh, Eric Louis, so, uh, Brian, Anthony Jr. It would be a Jr. set everything. Yeah, he would be too. I got the name changed. It would be a Jr. 3-3-3-5-4-7-3-0-4. Yes, you have permission. Oh, good. So, I got Medicare, thinking five and over. Oh, it Medicaid, uh, but I need that number. If you could see any number, give it to me. I have to go to J Metro Tech tomorrow. Medicaid. Oh. Yeah, well, they told me to get over there anyway, because I also may be eligible for food stamps. And they put that on a new Medicaid card. Okay. Okay. What's it called? Oh, that's the world's most spendable card. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. I'll wait for it right here at this address. We'll do that in the heart on utilities. You know, you got, you know, out of pocket, you know, what about, uh, a vision? How much is that? How much is the money? See how much is this? Four. Sorry. Thank you. Yeah. I was at the college. That's why I was up at the college and I had something different. I had a field grant, which they will allow to certain, uh, a monitor treatment through a different plan. Call it. No, I don't have that anymore. I'm not rolling. I'm not rolling this semester. I'm back in New York. Yeah. I have silver sneakers here instead of a college. Oh, because your name, your name. Okay. I'm India. Nancy. I am an. Okay. I got that. Okay. One for zero seven. Okay. So, uh, what is the, uh, is it one eight, four four? So, one eight, four, four, nine, eight, one, 14, oh seven. Okay. So. Right. Okay. What is my well care? Rest time. 2023. What is, what is my well care number? What is my silver? Well care number that you see on computer. I had a, I had a plan. I had a well cared car. It was in my wallet. Two of them from Brooklyn. I had a well care number. I thought, uh, yeah, if it is a precision job plan, what is the number that was on the car to my wallet? That was stolen. Can you see anything? Yeah. I'm going there tomorrow. And I'm going, I'm going to give them your number and your name. So, um, you know, Medicaid. I want to know my well care number on the card, stolen. I don't know. A whole lot of stolen. Okay. What do you see a number on computer that I had that was on those cards in my wallet? Sure. Okay. Um, um, um, wait for you to do that. I'm just trying to get the numbers on what was on the cards that were stolen. Okay. Wow. I'm going to leave. Yes. Pardon me? I'm going to need a full, a full prescription. As soon as I get a appointment at the primary care doctor, yeah, I'm going to go to primary care. I was told from the emergency room to go to primary care. So I just wanted the numbers that was on my cards because they would use those numbers at the emergency room. So, if I can stick right now, I have no cards, no wallets. It's going to be a new rare rifle. So I've got to recall back to get that. They shut off my, well, they did something to my phone. So I'll get, we get back to somebody that stole my wallet. They have all my cards. So they've been probably using them. So let me get, uh, go ahead and look that up and see what you see on computer. If I get me listed, the new listings, you know, how long will it take for the prescription drug plan card to get here? Yeah, what, yeah, what number do I need to give to the pharmacy? Can you give me a number? What department is that? Okay. You want to call or you want me to call? Yeah. Okay. Whatever normal, as you go by, go ahead, go by that. Well, get me over to that prescription part now. I'm going to wait for those cards to come in the mail. So, something when I go to register on something. If they put me in for a couple of days and something at the, um, right there at the prescription window, you got to have something. A big number or something. We'll go ahead, complete it now. Go ahead, complete it now. No, we can complete it now. I need something at the window. I've been exploring a lot. So I can't use my cards. And you didn't turn around using my cards somewhere. I noticed this is what the identity theft people were doing. You know, the customer service people better quit being a part of the identity theft. Yeah. Okay. Find the book. Okay. Yeah. No.