Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hi, Nancy. This is Sherry Page with Well Care. How are you doing today? Good. Thank you. Absolutely. Yeah, we do. Yeah. Okay. So he just, I kind of look it up and see what plan you had. Stay with me here. I got to give you a quick legal disclosure, Nancy. Calls off for all plans available in your area. So let me look up the plan that you did have. I didn't realize it canceled. So let me look and see here. And there we go. Yeah, you had a really low max on a pack on that plan. I never see that $1,200 in network. Dentist $5,000 worth of dental for everything. Preventative, comprehensive services for cleanings, cleanings, actually, filling dentures. Yeah. So for everything, everything, filling dentures, bridge, crown, and rook, now, it's a $0 member, co-pay. So that's it. So your max out of pocket on this plan is insane. I've never seen it. $1,200 in network. That means the most you'd have on a really rough year of life. If you're going to the dentist every other day for the entire year, for medical expenses, is $1,200. So anything beyond that amount for the year for medical is covered. Dr. Visit Zero, Specialist Visit Zero, Jim Membership Zero. Inpatient hospital care, if you're in the hospital, it's $75 a day for the first 10 days after that is $0. So that's really low, too. Yeah. Yeah. I've got notes on that. You said you were good to go with John, Dr. John Carter. Would you see the dentist or the regular primary? Oh, see, you can have, John Carter was the dentist that set 401 Howell Avenue in Brooksville. Yeah. We don't do the flex cards this year. We do something different called a spendable card. So bear with me for that just a second here. Let's see. I, you know, I can't pull them up by doctor. I can pull them up by the name of the dentist. That's why I'm looking through my notes with you. And it, that's why I'm like, I saw that on what they say that was 10, 23, Dr. John Carter. And then it showed me his address. Dental Associates of Florida. Yep. Four star dental association gives it five star. Dr. John Carter on 401 Howell Avenue. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I'll look it up. Hang on. Yeah. Yeah. Let me give you the address first. I got I kind of in that spot in our notes here. I can go back up to. So Dr. John Carter, C-A-R-T-E-R. 401 Howell Avenue. H-O-W-E-L-L. Brooksville. And let me, I gotta look at his phone number up. So bear with me. Yeah. Let me see. Yeah. I'm good for you. Don't get anything either. So 401 Howell Avenue hang on. Let me see here. Let's try to find his number here. You can see you get one or the other, right? I've been doing this for 25 years. So you get one or the other. If you need dental, go with the dental plan for $5,000 for a while. And you can switch in October to something else if you wanted to. But yeah, Dr. John, you want Dr. John Carter's phone number? It's 813. I don't know why it's a I don't know if that's the right number. Not bear with me. Tampa. Why is that telling me that's the phone number? I put in the 401 Howell address and that's the number that it's giving me. So bear with me. I don't know why. And that's me going into Google to try to find it. Phone number. Oh. Yeah, it's 352. 600. 4803. So that's that. So he is there. And then we look up the library doctor too. So you want to utilize the dental benefits if you're getting something big because that's a lot of dental coverage just for a regular plan like that. Let's see one. So I don't know what the hang on. It looks like you got yeah, H1036. I don't know what anyway. So they can do a partial. You can have $5400 worth of dental coverage. If yours is going to cost you $5400, if you go to Dr. John Carter and you say this is what the bill is going to be. You'd be responsible for for $400. You just got to get it approved first. So always get it authorized. Always get approved first because so the plan gives you $5,000 beyond that amount. Then yeah, yeah, oh good, good, good. But yeah, everything else remains the same on the plan. You don't have you can't get both, you know, a giveback program and all this dental. That's just the way it works. So, right. Yeah. And if you want to change your mind, change it. Do your dentist stuff now and you can change your mind in October when something or something else better comes along if you want to go back to the giveback program you can. So you have that power to do that unless you move or something to. But we kind of, I was looking at the plan. So it does give you $67 every single month to on a spendable card. So you can use that and then I was just going to hit the rest of the highlights. No, it could be, you know, health and wellness items. It could be vitamins. It could be band-aids. It could be whatever you want to spend it on. And then transportation. We said that it's $0 for 48 one way trips and then Urgent Care is $10 and then Vision Plan is $0 for an eye exam and $400 towards glass as a context. But once again, you're going to want to use an eye doctor and optometrist in the network. Did we look an optometrist up? Let me double check here. Jeffrey Hall. That's your primary doctor, right? Okay. So when we looked it up on on October 23rd, we looked up Dr. Jeffrey Hall at 605 Lamar Avenue in Brooksville. So that was one that we looked up. Yeah. That's convenient. So that was that was who the primary was. And we looked up another dentist too. Petrolee, I guess there's a couple dentists there. Oh, really? Oh, you're okay. So yeah, she pops up right away on our list and no, it says, no, no, she doesn't take any. So she must not have taken any for January. But Dr. John Carter did. So whatever that is, that's what happened there. Yeah. Jeffrey Hall, J-E-F-F-R-E-Y Hall. I'm going to look him up. Hang on one second here. I don't tend to put the phone numbers in there, but let me look it up so I can see it. Hang on. Yeah. Maybe she needs to call me back again, because you know what? If you don't get the right agent in your corner, somebody standing up to you answering your calls, all of that, you might have problems. I would hate to not have my mom not have a plan, you know, with me helping her, because she's like, I need to go to an auntie person this Friday. I'm like, oh my gosh. All right, mom. Gotcha. I'm taking her tomorrow, actually. But that's the problem with doctors right now. They just sit and look at their screen and say, look at your eyes, like the old fashioned way and actually, you know, take a look at things. This is Dr. Jeffrey Hall's phone number. It's 352-796-999-0. So, and everything. For sure, let me look up eye care. Hang on. Let me take petrily out of here, and look up ob-tarmatures, because this is, this plan is pretty good from what I've seen. Let's see, I wish my mom could have this plan. It's like in Florida, they have, they have some pretty good plans there. So, let me look up the regular HMO plan, and let's try to stay within five miles, maybe, of you. Let's see what we can come up with. So, there's a, there's some, huh? Right. Dr. Kenneth Murphy on 7631 Horse Lake Road. Did she like them or not? There's another one, Scott Schatz. Like, I'm not if I'm spelling it right, S-C-H-A-T-Z. It's at 7611 Horse Lake Road. So, there's two. I mean, I did within five miles of you, and those are the two guys, two that popped up. Well, you got more than that. So, you've got somebody I can see. There's a doctor, yeah, we've got the, Dr. One second here. Michael, Michael King, I guess. I don't know about him. He's at 18928 North Dale Mabry Highway. Let me do a quick check again, make sure I'm pulling optometrist here. That, that was a different optometrist. I'm still on optometrist. Let's see here. Kenneth Murphy, Scott Schatz. So, I've got Kimberly Cheney on Cortez Boulevard if you want more than two. Yeah, there you go. Yeah, and if you say, hey, I don't like either one of them, then call me back and I'll look up and see what else there is there. Let's see here. Instead, you didn't, you weren't taking any prescriptions, is that right? Are you not still not taking any prescriptions? Okay. Good for you. I get impressed when people don't take any prescriptions. Yep. Yeah, you got the address, right? Okay. So, I've got Scott, is that 7611 horse lake road and let's see who the other one was again. Kenneth Murphy was a different one, but it's 7631 horse lake road, it's just closed. And that one's Kenneth Murphy. Correct, yep. No, you can go to whoever you want. But if you change your mind, that's why I'm here for my people. You know, I'm here to help them. So, I always answer my people before I take new calls because it's hard to navigate all this is what it is. For sure. Okay. We can do that. And you can tell your girlfriend, why don't you call sharing if you want more, you know, you got more dental here. We can take a look at it. Let me see here. Did I look up? Is there anything else I need to look up? Let's see. Um, an obfors. Yep. Okay. And and if you did go to the, if you did get to go to the pharmacy, you would go to a Walgreens, right? That's where you'd said before. Um, Walmart. Okay. Either one works. They're both the same. So, okay. Uh, what did you say about Brooksville? What did you say? Okay. Yep. And let me change that quick. There with me. And I just got to move slower than this. Come on, computer. Let's see here. Gee. Okay. Bear with me. It won't let me transfer the door. I'm going to write this up by hand really quick. So bear with me for just a second here. Um, awesome. Nancy. Hang on. Each. So the election code right now is called OEP. So you, that's why we can change it back. Um, I'm just making notes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The very second you got till then. So that works. Um, and we did talk about, we talked about this last time. I didn't think I hit this quick now. So I got to tell you really quick, but, uh, let's see, the prescriptions. It's a tier one drug is zero dollars, tier two drugs, zero dollars. I know you don't take it, but I have to tell you about it again anyway. Tier three drugs up to $42 for 30 days supply. A tier four is a non-preferred drug up to 50 percent of the total cost of tier five specialty drugs up to 33 percent of the total cost. So that is that. And let's see here. Bear with me. Sounds like you're organizing over there today. Well, you got to, you got to do it when it works best for you. You got to look out for you. So, okay, perfect. So I've got that in here. Um, okay, so that's what I did. Um, okay, so we can do that. You called in for me today and I can do the enrollment quick. There's an easier way to do it than what we did last time. If you have a smart phone, I can send you a text. You want, we can do it that way. Okay, hang on. I still have to play that legal disclosure, uh, really quick. If you want to bear with me for that one minute recording, and then we got it. So hang on. I'm, I'm got in my eyes and I'm crossing my T's really quick, Nancy. So, um, here we go. One second. Let's listen to this quick first. Okay. Thursday, January 25th, 2020. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the do not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message, even if this number is on the do not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpon.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Okay. Nancy, so I'll send you a link on your phone. It's going to come through as a text and all you have to do is hit the blue link and you're going to have to press, I agree, like three times and when we get to the end, I'm just going to give you a preview. Then you get an HPT number which we've got to, I've got to put that in your file for you. So let me know if you got any problems because I can see it as you're doing it. So here we go. Here we go. So I'm going to send it to your phone, 313-732-813-4, correct? Okay. There we go. And now you see a blue link, right? As a text. You have to keep me on speakerphone then you can do so then you have to click on that blue link. Okay. Maybe it's a different color. Sorry about that. And you just kind of scroll to the bottom and then it's going to say, you know, yeah, that's the name of our, yeah, it's part of our company. Yep. Yep. You already got it. Select. I've been rolling in a Medicare Advantage plan and you want to make a change that should be highlighted. Nope. Nope. Nope. And then try, yeah, so no on that one. And then yeah, you don't need any to hit any payments because this is a zero dollar premium plan. So you can go to next step. I don't know. It's like large print or something if you need it. You don't have to have to hit that if you don't want large print. See if it's still there. Yeah. Your plan is the HML plan. I got to see where you're at. I don't know where you're at. No, you don't have that. No, you don't have track hair. Yeah. Important information. You have to hit click. Yeah. Do you do the what? No, no. You just, you'll have like two green box. I mean, you're getting green boxes or blue boxes. It just says I acknowledge and read the above information and another box that my person. No, nope. Yeah, just click the, click the box that says your name and add your last name and add is accurate. No, nope. Yep. Just click that. Just click. Yep. And then hit, then hit submit. Yay. What did you get? You got an HPT number there. What is it? That's it. That's your, that's your confirmation. So you did it all. So great job on that. Not everybody can get through that. Good job. It's a lot easier than the other way where I have to talk for like a half hour. So, so perfect. So we got it. So everything looks good there. Right. Yep. The hang on. Let me get, they change. Yeah, because this one is written last. So, so that that's the one that's going to stick. It's going to go in place on two one and everything is fine there. I just have to, we didn't. No, no, because this one goes into place on February 1st. So this one goes into place on February 1st. Yeah. So it's only month by month basis. So there we go for that. I just have to do a grand finale like I did Nancy. I don't want to lose you as a customer. So call me when you got questions. Call me if your friend needs help. Call me because that's what I'm here for. But you're for sure. I just have to get you over to the same thing, right? An EV person to show that you that we did this. And that's the only thing that takes just a second. Otherwise, we did it all. So perfect. So perfect. So bear with me on that. I can tell you're driving. And we'll and then we'll we'll take it from there. I shall she'll confirm everything for you really quick. So stay with me and I'll get her on the phone or him him or her either one. I'll get him on the phone. So thank you for calling me back. Nancy, I appreciate you. I want you to know that. And I'll I'll get them on the phone quick. Okay. Nancy, Lucy. floor. I appreciate you. I want you to know that and I'll get them on the phone quick, okay?

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hello. Good. Good. How are you? I'm checking. Do we still have time to transfer again? Well, what if I know Humana that I went to only covers $2,000 for dental, but it doesn't. My dentist doesn't cover HMO. So I think go back to that dentist, the one that you kind of had me say. And what I'm really is because when we were taking this planet was for the dental, what was $4,000? Oh, you don't go in yet. You're okay. Yeah. Okay. And the out of packet is basically we took this plane because I was just looking mostly for the dental. So I'm not sure my regular primary used to had, which I can't have anymore was Jimmy Edmund. Okay. I got something else for a copper. Or copper. I or something that might have been constantly on. I'm not sure if that one was for you. I have. This was, I don't know if this was for you or for you to manage. You have a flex card for your eye. Okay. That was copper edge eye care. So that might have been humana. Or I don't know if that was the one you sent me to. All right. Yeah, I think. Yeah. Okay. So John Carter. I forget why I wrote all that, but I'll put this on the wheelchair. John Carter. I think when I called it and sure as soon as it starts in January, come on in. You have a phone number again. Okay. Address. I know it was done. I put this dentist. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I guess it doesn't matter if I can't get my doctories have done anything, but what he's supposed to do, you know, check this, check for that. Check your, you know, what they always do for. They haven't had any problems. So I don't really, you know, I need you. You do not also give back of the like 16490 reduction in your Medicare. That's why I did that. That's why you said, I think that's why you said go that way. 813. Yeah. 813. I know. Add one of your cases and everything else. Okay. 800 or 803. Well, my girlfriend's going in and she has you man also and they're giving her 2000 or she's going to ask and dental which takes her insurance, I guess. And like she's just getting like the bottom denture and that's 1300, but that's everything. That's not partial. Isn't it partial? A little harder to make than a little denture. Up to the 54 and I'd have to pay a hundred and or 1200. Yep. Oh, right. Right. This shouldn't be 5000 for that anyway. That's right. That's why you said you could either take the give back the money or if you wanted to go the other way, put it towards the dentist or whatever. We're okay. Right. Yeah. Okay. I think we looked up the automakers and the primary doctor. I don't know right now. It's Jimmy. It was Jimmy Edmond, but I was under a different insurance. Yeah. It's so far. Lamar. Have a new great. That's right. We're my dentist. And is. Well, I said the picture. Oh, well, again, well, I called her back. I said, I have human. She said, I'm sorry. We don't take HMO. But really was on the list, but she couldn't let me know because we didn't know the name of it. But it's not it's premier something. So she didn't know the name to see if they covered it. Okay. Right. Jerry ball. Primary doctor. Right. My premier doctor or my. My doctor. Give a phone number. That's right. And then the orphan had well care and switched to she said, I didn't do nothing for me at well care. Maybe, maybe you had home time. Right. Right. Because over and said she'd go to the doctor, they wouldn't even put the stuff up in your heart. They didn't do anything but sat on the computer and asked her questions. She said, oh, are you supposed to be examining me, you know. Be up, 252, 1, 9, 6, 2, 3, 9, 9, 8, 0, okay, primary, any eye care, if we look at the doctor, I know the couple right here in town, there's a couple right here in town, that's where they sent my girlfriend, that's where she went. She got new glasses, she said they were great. Also, close on heart. Right, Mr. Go to the doctor. It's right on, we'll know it would be on candle light boulevard or candle light in Brooksville. It was an eye doctor, oh well, so we've got those two on a horse. Maybe a neighbor, that camp, if it's on more damn, more damn neighbor, unless there's a name, he passed it. Well, I guess, because we discussed it before, then it did not cover my old dentist, they said it could, no. I guess one of them, of course, you like right there. There's two of them, I mean, that's close, doesn't really. Right, I mean, this is, of course, you like, correct. That means they're both on horses, right, okay? No, I just got four to lay. Okay, so, six, one, one, you know, right, seven, up, seven, six, three, one, four, three, go, yeah, okay. Again, Murphy, okay. Would I have to let you know which one I pick? Okay. Oh, great. Thank you. Okay, now we can cancel my humana and come back. Yeah, yeah, yeah. A dentist, an eye doctor, and a regular, I think that's all I need, Walmart, that's the broad street in Brooksville, you'll say the other bus now, but we need to change that. a warmer and broad street in Brooksville. Yeah, I said I've got blue cents. I had to change my insurance company. Sure, I can be 211 from progressive. I switched to all eight for 167. I said, yeah, I'm sorry. I'm determined. I'm in need of death. I'm changing stuff. I do. I do. Yep. Oh, yeah. You know, right? Yeah. Open up. Okay. Okay. It's green, but okay. Yep. Okay. This is somethingsmedicare.com clear match. Wait two minutes. Okay. Well care. Scroll down. My name. My date of birth. I'm a female. My address is correct. Hernando zip code mailing address is different notes. Next step. Okay. And that must be my card number. Which statement best applies to you? Yep. Oh, got it. Got it. Yep. Two, one. Okay. Keep going. Physician Jeffrey. Are you already a patient? I should say no. I'm not a patient. Yes. Sure. We're just want you to enroll the medical center and discover their spouse dependent. No. Drug coverage. Something will care no premium HMO. Will you have other prescription drug coverage like VA? No. No. I already launched monthly payments. Phone number. Email. Preferred language. English. What's accessible format? Oops. Oh, it disappeared. Oh, what would have started over? Next step. We want to do that. We did all that. We did that. That's done. Different patient. No coverage. No prescriptions. That thing was no HMO. Will your other drug prescription like VA or tried care? No. Okay. How do I want my skip the monthly next step? Okay. Information. That was English. Okay. Do you have to do the race and stuff? You race. So I don't have to check all those. Okay. So just skip all that and go to the next step and then just sign it. Okay. I've done that. I've done that. I've done that. I don't have that. Skip the payment. Next. Phone number. Do I have to do the language and all that? No. Okay. Just keep going to the bottom. Payment. Agreed. I acknowledge and have read who is enrolling. I am completing my enrollment. Name. I just put the box and submit. Got it. Congratulations. Congratulations. Zero. One. Zero. Five. Eight. Two. Five. Eight. Oh. Oh. Make sure. Ha ha ha. Oh. Right. And they will cancel humanity automatically. I don't have to do anything. Now will humanity. Will humanity charge me this month? Okay. They already took January. Okay. Right. Okay. Absolutely. Right. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hopefully it doesn't.