Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling well care medic care. My name is Chris Vignade. I'm a licensed agent for the pleasure of speaking with I miss a guy doing again today the spending allowance the spending allowance, right? Okay, do you have medicare a me right now? All right, let me go ahead and take a look for you What's your zip code is still one oh four six six? Okay, and you also receive any type of extra help through the state or Medicaid? Do you know it do New York? Do you receive any type of Medicaid or extra help? Oh, okay Let me see how much and so you don't receive any type of food benefits right now that are giving you anything Just food stamps, but your insurance doesn't give you any food card. Oh, okay I'm sure you haven't shocked because you are eligible for it It would be well, I would have to check first. I can't just say that you are eligible automatically, but um Yeah, we know we'll do a run through if you have medicare Medicaid the correct level of medicine Medicaid We can I could do up to two hundred dollars a monthly. That's 2,400 per year on a spendables card Um That can be used your gas. It could be used for food utility assistance electric The TV cable phone and rent Well, we're gonna go ahead and check on that right now. I can help you out with that Um, let's see. I do I do have some of your information here. Let me see Now I would need your Medicare number. That's on the red white blue card Yes, ma'am It's gonna be the red white blue. It's a Medicare one. It has the letters and numbers and those two dashes in between Do you not have the card? What's that? No, not the U card. It's the Medicare card. You're actual Medicare card Now if you if you don't have that um The only other way to do it would be Okay Because otherwise the only way I would be able to do it would be first and last name data birth and social So the only other way I could pull you up the only other way I could pull you up in And Medicare system the only way I could pull you up would be first last name data birth and social That's up to you. Okay Uh Let me see and I got miss Adele her again, right? Okay, that's right And what's your social? Okay, I'm going to sit down. Yep, I got you right here Uh, where A and B looks good It looks like you just recently used an election I don't know, but it looks like somebody changed you. Did you are are you familiar about that? Yeah, it looks like they will they change your insurance You have the whole insurance that you had up until February 1st. Yeah, February 1st. It looks like you're at the plan is starting You have an at the plan Okay, well the problem is they are it they enrolled you into at the manually your united ending on the 31st I can well I can help you just Get get back and get that food card and um because at least you called in before the end of the month so So we do have a chance to change that Yes ma'am, I can do that so Yeah, that that's why I always looking at everyone's Medicare information is because you never know if someone else touched it Another agent or something and that's when it becomes a problem Then people get put into things that they have no idea Sometimes, you know Well, they what they even went into so let me check this Now you said that you wanted to yeah united you are gonna get a higher benefit card though with well care same benefits Yeah, you're gonna have same benefits but the higher food card and the thing the difference with united is that it doesn't roll over And you'll have more uses with the well care card And as far as your medical it's zero dollars down the board primary specialist Hospital coverage is going to be like the same thing the only thing we just got to make sure is that um your doctors in the network as long as their doctors in network Um, this will be an easy swap we can fix this done So let's go ahead Okay, so let me go ahead I'm just gonna run the Medicaid check real quick here Okay Oh, yeah, you're yeah, you're Q&B plus they put you on a lower level anyways I don't know why it's that you qualify for full Medicaid All right, so who's that doctor again? I'm sorry Okay So it all depends sometimes just depends on the agent and their knowledge and looking at you know different plans William Zhang Okay, is he at um Bainbridge Avenue Bronx? Yep, he is definitely in the network um takes Yeah, he takes so well care tool So we want to keep him right Yeah, it looks like they tried to uh Whoever last enrolled you they tried to make it to where you can't roll in that you be stuck in that plan That would be another issue Yeah, you what you basically would have been stuck to March, but you called it at the right time so we can get you on to February 1st That'd be all right with you Uh 26 for seven one two three four five six until the first so we can get your cards out to you in time as well All right, it's um, it's called well care. So uh well care dual access and The spendables card is what they call their flex card because the well care was the first company that invented the flex card Um this year they actually changed it to a spendables card the reason they did that is They wanted more opportunity like rent You get $200 a month Yeah, separate card as well, but you also get that 200 Everyone that just comes with the plan correct yep so the other card that flex card would be uh 750 We we got to realize because the 200 is over the years 2400 already Yeah, you have to when when they're putting out those notices those are those are based off of year Not monthly So monthly though Yeah, it's basically how much you would get in a year So that's 2400 that you told me about um You qualify for it, but it's over the year of time, you know, I'm saying $200 a month. It's just not like a one-look Yes, ma'am and the different Yeah, the difference with this one with well care is that they do allow you to roll over your money if you don't use it So other companies you would have to use it all Um, let's say you wanted to say a couple of months 200 200 or something you need a rent payment You could do that as well Yeah, I want to mean you're still going to see the same doctor your prescriptions are covered Yeah, we got the same doctor William Jack. He's in the network. So you'll still be saying him Uh, no difference there So I'll actually um, did you have a smartphone by the way or no We can just do this over the phone Yeah, or if you want we can just do this over the phone Well, they have like a new thinking medicare now. They wanted to try you know with technology Doing like e and rolls, but if you just want to get this done over the phone, we can do that Yeah, we can do it normally. That's how we do it is over the phone That's how we've always been doing it But now we're trying a new thing So it would just be here even rolling into the well care They the whole plan that we were just talking about Now because you're gonna have my number going forward and I'm gonna follow up with you I know most agents don't do that But I'm gonna give you my number my license number everything is gonna come back to me Uh, you'll know where I am at all times as well So I'll give you I'll give you all that information No, I can honestly say because if your doctor wasn't in the network And then I would say it wouldn't be a good decision But because your doctor is in the network You're just gonna be getting more benefits on your food card as far as like I said your medical You're not gonna have any medical bills Under a dual special needs plan And so like I said um I'm just getting everything ready here. I got to make sure I have all my information ready the Medicaid ID So we do a lot more thorough steps here to make sure that mistakes like that don't happen People don't just get dropped off in plans or you know stuck As at at that point you wouldn't at that point you would have been stuck with um at no Going forward All right, and what about some medications you take and this is regular you take a lot of medications just a few I know most of them am low-to-pean the out-of-ass dad in listen to a pill That four men Okay, what do you take the medications for like a probably pinpointed? The nerve pain you take like gabapet in um any type of anxiety medications depression just aspirin okay Okay, yeah, I gotta get the am low-to-pean in there. I know there's like carbettal all level of the rock scene Yeah All right, so we're just about ready to start this application. Let me just get a manager approval on this And mr. Her again The doctor All right, so we are already just starting to go All right, let's do this. Let's make sure we're effective for February 1st, 2024 John Herigan prescription's covered Said dual access. Okay. Yeah, right mr. Doe. I do appreciate Your patients with this as well. We just got this loaded up here. So we're going to go ahead and get through this application here You are a Q and B plus Perfect These are like home health care Like like home health care, right? Like home yeah, home services Yes, ma'am. So that's actually gonna be through that yeah, yeah, you keep that because that's actually through your Medicaid That's to New York Yeah, so you're gonna keep that no matter what No, you're gonna be going to well care, but you're gonna be keeping the home health care the You know, I haven't people come in for home health care Like that like I was doing you're talking about yeah, you get to keep that Yeah, you can say you're home attendant No, cuz he Yeah, no He's paid through Medicaid if it's home health care, so He could still see no No, they shouldn't stop And if they stop it, yeah, no, I'm pretty positive. They're not gonna stop it because then that would be a Compliance you think against Medicaid. They can't stop that legally All right, and Mr. Dock, can you just verify your street address where I can send the mail out to you? Okay That apartment too All right, and then No, ma'am. Yeah, that's why we went all over this in detail Made sure doctors your network this way. We don't have that issue Okay Now these two questions are just option mandatory for me to ask optional for you to answer are you of Hispanic Latino or Spanish origin? Are you are you have Hispanic Latino or Spanish origin? Okay, perfect Like I said those questions. They're just it's mandatory for Medicare for me to ask them So I do have to ask Right now I got your same doctor all there that is all good You have prescription coverage and you're not you're not Nope, you're not in a long-term care facility. Are you? Okay, perfect and will you be working when this plan is active You go back to work Yeah You're enjoying it now, right? All right, so I do have to go ahead and play So I have a three-minute recording straight from Medicare right after that We're done. I'm gonna give you my number national producer license Um, and then we will go over any questions you have as well So we also do have a verification specialist That's gonna make sure that all the information between me and you that was put on the application is correct So we do a double-air security here You know, all right, so let me go ahead and get this plate here over All right, should be a couple of seconds Well-cared the licensed and certified representative of Medicare Advantage HMO HMO SNP PPO, PPO SNP and PFFS organizations and stand-alone PDP prescription drug plans Each of the organizations there represent has a Medicare contract Enrollment in any plan depends on contract renewal Non-contracted out-of-network providers are not obligated to treat you except for emergencies are urgently needed services Otherwise, you may be responsible for the costs Your ability to enroll in the special needs plan is based on verification that you are entitled to both Medicare and the qualifying level of The information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of my knowledge I understand that if I am getting assistance from a sales agent broker or other individual employed by or contracted with well-care He or she may be paid based on my enrollment in well-care well-care serves a specific service area If I move out of the area that well-care serves I need to notify the plan so I can disenroll and find a new plan in my new area Once I am a member of well-care I have the right to appeal plan decisions about payment or services if I disagree I understand that my verbal signature or the verbal signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the individual under the laws of the state Where the individual resides on this application means that I have read and understand the contents of this application If signed by an authorized individual this verbal signature certifies that One, this person is authorized under state law to complete this enrollment and two documentation of this authority is available upon request by Medicare All right, and that's about it Mr. Do you have any questions for me? Okay Now if you do think of any other questions do you have a pen of paper you can take out my number? It is 844 981 Gotcha 981 1407 My name is Chris CHRIS and your confirmation number Is H is in Harry Yeah, I'm sorry All right, it's H is in Harry P is in Paul Yeah, H is in Harry Yeah, H like hello Paul P T Tom So H P T Yeah P as in Paul Yeah, H P and then T as in Tom H P T Yep, and then it's 105 9206 Yes, ma'am So that um that's just your confirmation number that you were enrolled into well care Yeah, yeah, so that just proves that you have an application here with us like if you were to call us and give that number it would pull up Is well care, yes ma'am Yep, so I'm going to go ahead and get your cards out to you your spendables card as well Uh, that'll be activated right there on the first So you could start using that Um, and then I'm going to send you also a booklet of everything that's going to include a bunch of um, whole plan information and you'll be able to see um Exactly what I was talking about the zero dollar co-pays down the board so um Yeah, so once you get that definitely like I said I don't go anywhere. I'm here 12 to nine Monday through Friday Anytime you need just give me a call All right, you're very welcome to tell you have a wonderful night. Okay Thank you. Bye-bye

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  I don't have a game. I would like to know if I'm qualified for the 2500 or is it the, um, what do you call it? Huh? Yes. What shall I do? Yeah. Why don't you get four fifths? Do I what? I've medicated, I've let here. I get, um, um, what do you call it? Um, I get, uh, what do you call my post stance? No, I don't have no full card. What? Um, okay. Okay. Well, how can I get that quite? Being there? All right. Um, another care number. Oh, yes. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. What card are you looking for? What? What? What should I do? What? Um, the list. Is that the U-card? Is it a, is it a, is it a, is it the U-card? Okay, hold on. Oh, I have it, but I can't find it. I can't find it. I can't find it. Huh? Would you say it? Uh-huh. Okay. Is my date of birth is July 17, 1952. And, um, what else? Sorry. 121-42-55-11. What's that? What's that? Uh, what did you change my coin? No, but they tried to, they, they, they changed it. I requested it, but I can't get it. I can't do that. They told me I've to stay with what I got. I don't want, I don't want it. No, they were telling me about it. And it's best I stay with United Health here. Right. But how can I get offered it? I don't want, I don't want it because they told me I can't tell me something about it. I don't need that or something. So, I left it. Okay. So, help, can you help me now? Okay. Please. Yeah. Right. Right. Oh, well. We're well, here. Um. Okay. The world here. Well, my doctor, my doctor, um, is, um, what's that, what's his name? William Gang. I don't know what they're doing. William Gang. Where am I? Someone's going to be the father to move their hand on. That's right. Yes. Yes. Right. Oh, God. Yes. Yes. Yes. I wouldn't like that. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Where's this month? How many more days in this month? Okay. What's going to, what's going to be the name of my card? Uh-huh. And how much is on the card? Oh, I thought it was, I thought, oh, Lord, I thought it was the more they was talking about, um, something you get more than that on the card. You get 200, and I get the plan, the one, how much is on the other card? 750. No, Lord, that's not the one over the years. Oh, every year. Also, you get 200, 200 like that. That's how you go. I'm so confused with that. We'll see where I'll go. It's not good for me. I just have to change it. Yes. I want to stay back there. Okay. When you're going to send the card. You can do it over the phone. I don't, I don't. So what would I be happy? What I have to do. Okay. I hope it's not happened. I'll keep this up. Anyway, let's try it. Thank you. Okay. I'm making long decisions for you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, I'm taking on. What is it? Let's cut the name of it. Yeah, there was. Not that. And load up. And I take. Not what the hell is the name. I'm. I'm. Yeah, they changed my pills so many times. No. Ask. No, not just ask. I take about four or five pills. Yeah, stuff like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, wait a minute. You know what? I have a home attendant. And I think that you can ask. Can I use that? That's a type of. You call it. Yeah, but you know, he comes. He's my home attendant. Huh? Yeah, he comes. He comes to take care of me stuff like that. Can I. Can I use. Oh, I keep that. So wait. Wait, wait, I'm going to keep my. I'm going to get night of health care. Yeah, I'm just going to talk about. Yeah, so he's going to stay. Is he going to stay my home attendant? Okay, because I don't want them to tell me. Because I might have to. Somebody told me that I can't do that. He can't be my home attendant. And I have another health care plan. Something like that. I don't know the guy I'm confused. Okay, so they ain't going to stop it. Stop him from being my home attendant. Okay. No. You sure now? Okay. All right. 870 East 230 Street. Apartment to F. Hi. I hope I have no problem. Okay. All right. All right. So what? I don't know what you're talking about. I'm neither that American. Okay. Didn't, didn't change anything. No. Will I be working? No, I'm 71. Right. You said they will not switch my life plan. All right. I don't want to get right. That's all right. I have no problem. I have no problem. Oh, my body. Okay. can you help me help you guys. For our upcoming birthday, you can have a look at the library. This is a little pastikas. You can see it in the next, you can see it in the back, you can hear that noise. okay. Do you know? You know. No. Okay hold on. Well, listen number. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, 844-981-1407. And your name is Chris. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, is that 8? Wait, wait, I can't hear you. Is 8? Yeah, HP? Wait, no, no, I don't hear me. What come after that? What come after the H? HP? HPG. Okay. 105-902-06. HPH-H-H-H-H-H-P-T, you say, right? Okay. And what disaster? Oh my God. Okay. And you say it's well care? Well care. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. Thank you. Okay, you too. Thank you.