Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hey, this is me, did it. I'm sorry. I couldn't hear you the first or you couldn't hear me the first time. Let me say this for the line. Good news. It's not us. They're just swacking. But my name is Iman Anderson. I am a licensed agent with well-care Medicare. The call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. Please note, we do not offer every plan available in your area. All right, Ms. Tinney. So unfortunately, we got a column back. I was trying to see if they could just find her for me within the system. But since she's got that in P, which just stands for nurse practitioner, that means she's got a doctor over her. So we're going to have to go find out because it's such a big practice, which doctor she's under. So I'm going to give her another shout. If you have something to be doing, Ms. Tinney, I don't mind waiting. If you want to put the phone down, but put it on speaker, because they may ask where you are once I get to ask them questions. All right, hold on. Here we go. For English, press one. Paraspenio Marquedos. If this is a medical emergency, please hang up now and dial 911 for appointments. Press one for prescription refills. Press two. You have reached the great scheduling line. If you are calling for a primary care center or neighborhood center appointment, please press one for other centers. Press one for primary care or neighborhood clinics. Two. Oh, wow. They hung up on us. Okay. Let me try this. Thank you. Thank you for choosing, Grady. For English, press one. If this is a medical emergency, please hang up now and dial 911 for appointments. Press one for prescription refills. Two. You have reached the great scheduling line. If you are calling for a primary care center or neighborhood center appointment, please press one. For all other centers, please press two. Welcome to the great scheduling line. Are you new to Grady or an existing patient? No. Which can I help you with? Say, schedule new appointment or existing appointment. For anything else, say, mainment. Existing appointment. And is the appointment for you? Yes. Okay. Let me just confirm your information in our records. First, please say or enter your primary phone number, including the area code. I heard 404-528-6537. Is that right? Yes. Next, say or enter your full date of birth, including the year. Again, please say or enter your full date of birth. That was February 17th, 1957. Is that right? Yes. Please say or enter the last four numbers of your social security number. If you need more time, press one. Hold on while I transfer you. This call may be monitored or recorded for quality control purposes. Thank you for calling the Grady scheduling line. Our normal hours of operation are from 6 a.m. to 11 p.m. Monday through Friday. If you have reached us during those hours, please hold for the next available agent. Your call may be monitored or recorded for quality purposes. Please hold for the next available representative organizations. Grady's Walter L. Ingram Burn Center is the leading burn center in North Georgia. Learn more about us at GradyHealth.org. We are experiencing high-call volume. Please remain on the line for the next representative. To improving the health and well-being of our community, by providing exceptional care to all patients and treating everyone with dignity and respect, we are Grady and our arms are open wide. I found them. Grady is proud to provide compassionate quality. We are experiencing high-call volume. Please remain on the line for the next representative. Call and a staff member will be with you in a moment. At Grady, we want to help you stay healthy, from well-baby checkups and vaccinations, to adolescent care, to chronic disease management, our team of highly qualified physicians, specialists, and health care providers is ready to serve you. For more information and to find a neighborhood health center near you, visit our website, GradyHealth.org. Please hold for the next available representative at our primary care and neighborhood health centers. You don't need to miss work for the day you're doing. Between 8 a.m. and 3 p.m. Monday through Friday and get your flu shot. Your cost is based on your insurance plan and or insurance. We are experiencing high-call volume. Please remain on the line for the next representative. Our new cascade neighborhood health center is serving the community of South Fulton. Our cascade clinic is expanding access to quality primary care and specialty services. Here we go. Hello. Good afternoon. Thank you for calling, Grady. This is Jeffrey speaking. I'm Elf you. Hi, Jeffrey. My name is Yman Anderson. I am a well-care Medicare Advantage agent. I've got one of our Medicare members with me on the line as well. She's got an appointment scheduled tomorrow. The little issue that we're having is she is newly effective for her part B. So the doctor that they have her coming to see. I'm unable to find her in the network, but the whole facility is in the network. So it's leading me to believe that the doctor is under a different provider. Is there any way if we give you our information, you can let us know that doctor is under? Sure. No problem. Well, I don't I wouldn't know what insurance they're under. However, it will not insurance the doctor. Yeah, because I could tell you who the doctor is, but I wouldn't be able to know who exactly their sketch. I'm sorry, who exactly or what insurance they're exactly under. I don't know. I can pull that because I'm the insurance. I can pull that. So let what it is is I see the doctors in the system. But I believe because the doctor that they're scheduled that she scheduled to see is an ARP or MP or PN. She's under someone. And so that's what I'm trying to find out who is the doctor that's over who she's coming to see. So I can put that doctor in the system. All right, no problem. And Matthews have her medical record number or the last word of her social. So she's on the line. Thank you, Ms. Woods. And Matthews have your data birth and home address. All right. Thank you, ma'am. And one last question. What health insurance? Oh, sorry. I forgot. Give me one. All right. So they should be under Dr. Wilhelmina. All right, sorry about that, ma'am. So she should be under Dr. Michelle Lee Todd. I believe I see Dr. Todd. Yep, I got Dr. Todd here. And one more thing while we've got you since we've got that. She also sees eye care provider here. But we weren't sure. I just we just know she goes to 80 Gilmore. Yes, ma'am. So 80 Gilmore is really just right across the street from the main hospital. It's really the address for one of our. So they built a outside facility for the specialties like the eye clinic or orthopedic clinic or the cancer clinic. So yes, she still goes to she still does have an eye appointment for the 29th of February at 8 a.m. Who is that way across the street from the main hospital? Who is it with? Can you see the provider she's seeing? At the moment, no, ma'am. If she's been here before, which I am seeing, it's probably going to be the first doctor she's been with, give me one moment to see. Sure. Okay. Yes, I do see him. It's with a doctor Lauren Schaefer. Could you spell that last name for me on? S-C-H-A-F-E-R Schaefer. Got it. All right. Well, that is all we needed. We'll go ahead and get to work on this. We're just trying to make sure she has zero copays for the primary as the February. So I really appreciate your time. No problem out. And if that's all, thank you for choosing Grady and y'all have a wonderful day. You too. All right, there we go. So that's good. I found Michelle Todd. I do see her in here. So she accepts it. So depending on I meant to ask them about that copay. Oh, my goodness. I forgot. That's what's worrying me with original Medicare. Let's see. We're going to have to, I wonder why they don't tell you guys that because that's something that would be good to know. You know, everything is so high right now. You know, if I know that you're about to charge me what a light bill is, then I'm probably going to wait on it. You know what I mean? But if I know, I don't have to pay anything because I know you need your medications. You know, so these are good. She's good. Let's see. Medi-memorial.address mattress. Okay. So I got that doctor and then let me find Lauren. And Dr. Newman Skinnerly hope she for at C-H-A-F-F-E. Let me clear that. Clear selection search. Samantha. God. That's it. Kevin Schaefer. No. I know this one's on Gilmars Street right at the retina. So let me put their phone number in here for all four, six, six, one thousand. And specialty is going to be ophthalmology. Let's see, ophthalmology search. Let's do ophthalmatory. They got Shnida, but that is not who we're looking for. Clear. Clear. Make sure he spelled this right when you just find her first. Advanced specialty. You can't see. You'd think they'd make this just a little bit easier, Ms. Teenie. And I guess not. That's okay. I'm going to try to get it strut. I'm going to get it straight if I can figure out how they got this. So that's Warner Robbins. That's not her here. I don't even see. Okay. Here we go. That's not her office either. Let's put this in. You gave me more than he did. At least I know it's coral retina. I know you was saying it was across the street. It's like, well, that's not going to help us. We need to know her name. Let's see. Let's see if this one's hard. This is showing Clifton Road. That's not it. Let's see. Let's do this. Lauren Schaefer 80 to kill more street and Schaefer. I do not see this. Has she ever given you any medicine for your eyes? So you don't, okay, so they kind of, you never go and see the same one a lot. If you go, do you see who's just available? Gotcha. Okay. Let me see something. Let me take this out. I just need to find that eye clinic then. Eddie Gilmore. Really? Okay. That helps me. Let me get over here then. Let's see. Gilmore. Grady. Okay. Coral Pavilion. I found it. So let's see. Find a doctor, make an appointment, imaging, ear nose throat, breast imaging cancer, oral orthopedic. Where is their vision department? Let's do this. Search by name, by location, by treatment, ophthalmology. I care. Here we go. Gender, no preference, supply. Here we go. I found them. So they've got a pages of them in this Coral. Let me see if I can find the Lauren chick. I don't even know how he was able to give us this name. She's not even showing up on here. The Coral Pavilion shows, let me pick one and see what this one says. Yep. Eddie Gilmore. So, let's see. Two. Oh man. They got a whole bunch of pages. So let me do this by name, Lauren. Let's see if this works. All right. I found the Lauren's. And they've got a bunch of them here. Lauren's shaper. Lauren's sex. I don't know what he was looking at. There's no shaper, nowhere on here. The only Lauren, because I've filtered it. So I'm looking at all the Lauren's that are at this facility. I don't even see a Lauren with eye care. They got hospice. They got emergency. Let me see something. I have to call them back. Now, are you again seeing a different eye care provider when you go over there? Okay. Let me see if I can find a picture of one of these people. We may have to find Dr. Location Coral Pavilion. And eye care center. Is it always a female, Ms. Kinney? Or do you ever see a male? Okay. It's always a female. Okay. So I've got a Maria Aaron. Emily, let's see where they're showing it. Yeah, she's popping up with the phone number in a dress. Let me see if I can pull her. Maria, advanced. Walker, Maria, Aaron. Here she is. Aaron. Now, she's in here. So what I'm going to do until we find out, because since, you know, it sounds like you see who's available. I do have one. You know, I just want to make sure we've got somebody that set that pavilion of where you go that does take it. Because remember, like I said, if we go to someone that takes it, we're only looking at a $10 copay. Do you ever have to make a copay when you go over there with them or went the last time you went to the eye care place? And they didn't charge you. They didn't charge you. They didn't say why? Because I wonder if it's with, where are they at with your eyes? Ms. Tinney, what are they needing to do? Because I'm wondering if that's how they're. Let me ask you this before you just went this week, when did you go before then? And you never received any billing about it? Okay. Yeah, keep an eye out for that. So that way, if you do, I mean, if no news is good news, if they don't send you a bill, we won't push the issue. But if you do need to go, you know, starting in February, at least we know you know it'd be a lower copay. Because I'm not sure I don't see it on the file how they're able not to charge because you're just now getting part B. And we all know that they always want their money. So I'm not sure how they're doing it. But at least we know we have a flat copay. Unless they just keep seeing you how they're seeing you. But that's something I want you to be on the lookout for in case a bill does come in for them. So I'm going to grab Maria, write this name down. In case you have any issues, her name is Maria. So it's M-A-R-I-A-A-R-O-N. And to be honest, when you go tomorrow, I'd ask them, just run it by them. Hey, am I going to owe a copay? Because I'm sure you'll be at their, they'll have the system since it's all grady. Will I owe a copay for my eye doctor that I seen earlier? And just find out how they're billing that. That way we know. And if you don't get the answer, you give me a shout-out calling back if I need to. So we got that hospitals. If you had to go to the hospital, which hospital would you use? Grady's not the clean okay. Let me see. Grady. Right, Grady Health Care Center, Grady Memorial Hospital. Let's see where this one is. That's the one. Okay. I know one thing. If they don't fix this machine, they don't make me shake it. It's like, oh my goodness. I wish we could go back sometimes to just writing things down. I mean, computers are good to store information, but when it comes to just needing what you need right then. This is all over the place here. Let's see hospital. C-H-H. Okay. Hospital. Search. Abernathy. Let me get their phone number. Grady Memorial. Okay. Is this the one that's going to be on Jesse Hill? Okay. Oh, they got the same phone number two. Okay. Wow. Gracious. Yeah, that's huge. Because it wasn't there. It left my mom. I was doing a plan for a Grady. I didn't even know they had one this big. I know about the clinic. You see three. Let's see hospital. I'm looking for a hospitalist, hospitalist. Come on, y'all. Let me do general acute edit. General acute. This is the takes the longest just trying to find this hospital. Grady. Grady health. Grady Memorial. This is the one right here. Why won't it open up? Does it have a different zip code here? Nope. 303. 303. Let me try that. Grady. Not pull this up for me. Let me try this. Bear with me, Miss Tinney. I'm trying to find it on. 203. 404. Search. Hospitals. Search. And it's the first one that pops up. It's got to provide our ID. Let me grab that. Copy. Oh, they got a different number. Okay. That's why. 404. 616. 4307. Let's see if that will pull it up. six, one, six, forty, three, I'll set them. Search with the PDA internal internal hospitalist, hospitalist. Okay. Inpatient, state, and P.I. hospitalist, internal medicine. They got so many pages that I'm going to get it. I'm looking. Provider ID, show participating, show. Alright, producer number, copy, let's try this in P.I. Now if this don't bring it up, found it, finally, got it. Okay. And they are in the middle and they take it too. So that is good. Let me grab them. Now what pharmacy do you plan on using with your medicine time? So you're going to use the pharmacy there. Okay. Gotcha. Let's see. Let me find them. Okay. Okay. Now I got that one on. Is it on Jesse Hill? That what that would be the one on well? No, let's see. See on this one, I've got one, two, I've got one. I don't think it's this one, but I got one on Princeton Lakes, that Southwest, one on Cleveland Ave, and East Point, one on North Side Drive. Okay. Pot. They've got one on down the Lee Hollywood. The pharmacies inside that building. Let me see. Let me look again. See that one here. Let me do this. Grady pharmacy. See if they got, got it under something different in here. Grady pharmacy, Donnelly, Hollywood. This one's Coca-Cola place, but that ain't it. Okay. I see. You can get your medicate. Okay. That's not the one we, all right. I do see, let's see. More hospital, stroke, breast imaging. There's the address and pharmacy. Here we go. Pharmacy. One day through Friday, when you use my chart or call, I know you can work, oh, so it looks like if they start you, they may, they'll give them to you there. It looks like and then you can choose to go by mail is what this is saying. When you need a refill, you can use the my chart. I'm going to, I'm going to put the phone number that they're showing form for for 616, 5500. But I found it. Let me see if the pharmacy pops up with this. Street, Donnelly, Hollywood.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hello, oh Okay came of the spam cow Okay Okay, the MRN number is three two eight eight seven one six two 17 1957 at the 1300 Mason Turner Road North West Plotment 2104 and that'll join it 30314 That's the clinic Right right right right right right Right, yeah, yeah, I'm not too good I Don't tell me No Yes, I've had so many doctors like when I first went to Grady, I was having some hit bad headaches like vision everything And I couldn't even remember their name For the last couple of months three or three months. I think two three different doctors since then so I don't Yes, but they don't have all that doctors the ones that do do the disease that I have is they're only there on my nits and thursdays one that'd be seen No, yes Last Last week This week No No No, I just showed my insurance card and I mean my Medicare's my boyfriend book card and that was it It's a follow-up. They're gonna check my vision. They're gonna put some drugs in there. They like that leg my eyes And I'll and check the temperature and my vision and And go for Nancy if I need to get another shot upon the mind or if I need to do another Um laser surgery It was like a month before Not yet Okay Okay Okay Okay Uh-huh Uh-huh Uh-huh Okay Uh-huh Okay Okay then Grady Grady bit the big hospital and not the clinic Yeah, get greater memory of your house for Yeah Yes Yes, it's just like a ramp that leads from the the big grade over to the athlete Combined they just you know just open it uh like six eight months ago something like that Yeah Yeah No problem Well For this medicine tomorrow I'm gonna use the little grady clinic that I'm going to You all better keep me for help to go all the way downtown to the big grady No, it's the one it's the one on uh of It's 1247 down the Hollywood that's the ace of g-nc health center ace of a-s-a-g-nc health center You know No It's uh It's uh Down the Hollywood Yes, 1247 Yes, it is The one on Coca-Cola is the big greatest pharmacies running there's Uh-huh