Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hi, I want to go to one of the safety atoms with well care and Medicare. How are you today? Good, good, can't complain. Very blessed to wake up this morning. So we are on a recorded line for quality and training. I wanted to get back to you. I'm so sorry. I just got all your messages. Okay, good, awesome. Okay. So let me check and see if they actually have you updated in this system. And that will tell me if you do or don't. Do you have your Medicare card number? Okay. Yeah, so it'll show me. Okay. It'll show me if you do have it now or not. Hold on. I mean, log in here. Okay. Yes, ma'am. So you said one C for Charlie. One age for Henry. One, eight. Okay. Then did you say, okay, okay, perfect. Any information to look at your Medicare information in the database? Okay. So one Charlie. Okay, got it. Hold on one second. It's searching for you now. Let's see if it comes up. Well, your first name again. Last name, your date of birth. Okay. You still searching. I just want to make sure that was right. Yep, there you are. Okay. Yeah, they still haven't put it on. So you still have to wait your house there. Yes. Yeah. So you still fall within that time frame. Yeah. So you're, you're okay because you're within your initial election period. So you're not going to have a penalty because you fell within that time period. Now if you waited, say two weeks out or a week and a half out, you would have been, you would have had a delayed part B. But because you got in there and took care of it, you were still within that initial period, which was good. That's what we wanted. Yep. So you'll be okay, but it is going to take that time. I thought it would have been quicker. You think they would have moved faster, but that's good that it'll show that date. But right now it's just showing your part A and your part D. It does show that you have your extra help, which is good. Now let me check something where we click. I don't know if I checked this last time we talked. I don't think I did much. Did I? Did I do it? Let me look. What did I do last time? Oh, I didn't have it. I didn't check it. I didn't check it. Okay. So let me do some work that we put. Okay. Let me see here. Yeah. I'm here. I'm just working on this for you. Okay. Let me check this. So what I'll do is I will start your profile so that we have this going. And then when you call back, it's not going to take us as long to get through this because it's already created. Okay. So did you apply for Medicaid? Okay. You already have Medicaid. Okay. That's not pulling. Okay. Hold on. Well, we might have to do some work there. Hold on. Let me just try it one other time. And then if not, I'm going to try it a different way. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Got it. All right. Perfect. So based on this, you will qualify for Medicaid to pay for your Medicare and Medicaid. Okay. So that's good. Now let me explain how our lovely state is. Okay. The state of Illinois does not allow dual special needs plans in the state. If you lived in any other state, you would qualify for now, said because of your level, you're the highest level in Medicaid. So based on your level, if you were in a different state, you possibly would be found for dual special needs because of your level of Medicaid. That means that in another state, unlike our Illinois, you would have rent assistance, utility assistance, food assistance, gas assistance, over the counter and out of pocket expenses. If you were not living in Illinois, you would have that right now with your Medicare and Medicaid working together. But because you live in Illinois, you're not eligible for that. Okay. But what you do get is you get the payment of your Medicare. So they'll pay your co-pays, your premiums, your deductibles. For now, they'll wave any of your part A part B premium to Medicare. And then your extra help is there. Okay. So that's all you'll get. Now let's say you move to Missouri or Iowa or India. Indiana, you then would have to requalify because it's state dependent, right. So the state regulates Medicaid. So if you then qualify for the same level you had here and they said you were eligible, you would get the payment and you would get everything else on top of what I just said. Okay. All right. So now we're just waiting for that part B to come into play. Once it comes into play, then we can look at the next part, which is the plan and putting in the doctors and the medication. So you're going to receive a letter and that's going to tell you that you qualified and that you know everything for your part B is now in when you get that letter, give me a call back. I'm going to put a little tickler for myself to kind of watch it and if I see it before you call, I'll call you. And so we'll go from there. Do you have any questions for me at this point? Yep. You so you have part B. You have original Medicare and a standalone drug plan right now. So you should be able to get your medications without a problem right now. I mean, you have your covered under original Medicare and a standalone drug plan. So remember when we first talked, one of the things that we were looking at was getting you more entitlement. And so that entitlement was coming from having a Medicare Advantage plan versus just having original Medicare and losing benefit right and having your drug plan inside of the plan versus outside and having to pay for it and having other fees attached. So this is saving you money being an Advantage plan versus again losing entitlement of benefits and more fees. So right now you'll stay there where you are until that part becomes up. So you shouldn't have a problem filling your prescriptions or being seen as a patient is something where to come up at the hospital. Or the doctor's office because you have original Medicare and B are a sorry you have original Medicare a so that's your hospital and you have the you'll have you can't see a doctor per say because you don't have your B. So be aware of that oh yeah your Medicaid can pick that up. I would ask Medicaid because if they were to charge oh that could get messy. I would call Medicaid I don't even know if I once even try to answer that because I'm not Medicaid. You don't have part B you don't have medical medical and Medicare part B is what covers your doctor anything that's related to the doctor portion of your medical. So Medicaid yes does give you state insurance but you're 65. So your two payers are Medicaid and Medicare but Medicaid is going to be the last payer. So you not enrolling into part B you might not have payment you might have to pay that out of pocket. So that would be my answer yeah you might be stuck paying that bill. And that's the best way I can answer that I would call Medicaid and I would ask but because you frequently said no up to this point if you were to walk in it might be that you were stuck with that bill. Yeah I wouldn't I wouldn't test that water at all if I were you I would be very clear about you know do you have the Medicare and you handbook the state mail them out. Okay so well actually the government who mail them out so you get the Medicare and you handbook it's online. If you were to go to Medicare.gov you could actually call them and have them send one to you they are supposed to send one out prior to your initial turning 65. So that you know the law and you know you're right. I would go online to Medicare.gov and go to the handbook Medicare and you and I would just carefully read that. Especially in regards to your part B because if you did walk into a primary office or if an emergency or something happened and you needed to be seen by a doctor. Hospital yes is covered under A but when we're talking HMO or PPO portions of your plan and getting into seeing a nurse practitioner or getting a prescription from a doctor. That's all going to fall under your part B and so I would want to clear understanding of where I stood with that especially if you're waiting a month and a half before that's activated. You know what I'm saying because I wouldn't want to be stuck with $1,000 of bills and then they're expecting you to pay that. Because Medicaid is going to be the last payer when it comes to anything within Medicare. So Medicare is your first payer. Medicaid is your last payer. And because you're not on a plan and you're on originals you are liable for co-insurance. So that's the other side of this and because you're Medicaid because you're on original Medicare you are paying whatever percentages are seen fit based upon your eligibility. So I would have that discussion with Medicaid what is my cut a responsibility based upon you know what I qualify for now they might say oh you're at 100% great they might come back say it's 20% depending upon what procedures they might say because you don't have B right this is where you're going to fall. That B is so critically important because that breaks down the percentages even based on your eligibility. So you not having it eliminates it and now you have yeah and you have your original you fall back and Trump on your original but because you didn't enroll into it that's the problem. You see what I'm saying like you would have felt on it would be me like saying okay I have my AMB I just didn't enroll on a plan but all you enrolled in was A so you can't even Trump back to be because you never enrolled yeah that could be any carrier. But the problem here is if you go to the doctor you might be liable for anything you do under B because you don't have it because you never enrolled into original Medicare B but see my concern is even if it was an emergency we don't know when we're going to have an emergency and that's my fear for you. So an emergency can fall under A but it depends on how they code that so medical coding is the important thing and you're not doing that. If you are seen by a doctor and that doctor they code it as a regular office visit you're stuck with that bill an exception an emergency room or ambulatory surgical center or outpatient you don't know the fee so that's where the concern is and that can fall on your B. That's your bill that's what it's a concern so I'm just trying to paint the pictures so that you understand where the importance of these falls and you don't have it originally so you don't have that to fall back on. It would be different if you were saying I don't want to be in with the carrier i'm going to go to a medic at plan so for now i'm going to fall back on my original medicare well you don't have it to fall back on. So now you're putting yourself at risk because you don't have the original. It's just like say i'm going to go without drug coverage if you never rolled into D you don't have anything to fall back on because you never enrolled so what's crossed our fingers that there's no emergencies what's crossed our fingers that yes you don't have an appointment and that no illness comes up because really we want to keep you out of there for a month and a half. And not using any medical at all for a month and a half or until it gets posted on there so that means noting a doctor for prescriptions no seeing anyone for anything until you could get your B on there because it's even talking to a nurse could be coded as a B that's using your plan. So if you call the nurse to get a prescription or to get a refill and they had to go in and do that for you that gets coded under B that's using your medical plan all of these things are medical so that's where i'm. i'm taking the time with you right now so that you get the picture okay. yeah so any little thing you do is a bill any little thing you do to get a hold of someone can be built can get coded for your plan doesn't matter if it's Medicaid or Medicare someone has to pay for it. And if you don't have everything in filed correctly where's it going to get filed out of whose bank account. That's how you have to look at it okay so just be really careful about how you go about until that be get placed on there and i don't care how many times you call me to check is it there we'll check it i'll call you and we'll get you in. Yes yes and i don't care if i have three or four more messages for you i don't care just keep calling me i don't know why this time your it is like i had three of your messages back to back that came into my email yeah but i think there is something going on with our system because i got three of them back to back not. I think you called at different times but the way it filtered it didn't filter that way it was like you called one time after the next after the next after the next okay okay because it came in like at three o'clock and like at 255 so i got them all back to back today yeah. Yeah, so I think and that's what it sounds like yeah I think our systems are off okay yeah and I have another client who called me and it happened the same to him so it's something with our systems so i'm happy i was able to get back to you and i apologize for not getting back to you quicker but it is our system are our stuff is a little wonky today. It could be the weather but yes how do i maybe it's a pst oh oh okay oh no oh oh good lord have mercy yeah well you take care. You are in my prayers you are family and friends are in my prayers may god ever hold human keep you and you just have some rest and you know do what you need to do to take care of you we got this you and i we will handle this you did what you need to do we'll get the rest done. together and just stay safe and warm and get the rest you need yes well definitely there's never words for when we lose people but yeah i'm here for you all right you're welcome we'll talk soon. All right bye bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  I'm doing good and you oh okay because I wanted to inform you I went over to the Social Security yesterday and I think that the Medicare part be so that I will get a new card in three to five weeks so would I have to have the new card in order to proceed on what I need to do next or what I would be qualified for. Okay so you need the part number for part A yeah not for B because I wish I could. Okay hold on let me give you the number you ready 1 7 7 C U 5 5 mm-hmm no 1 8 8 it's 181 8 and in 7 7 and C U 5 5 yes okay okay T O J U A N H O L M O N 11 16 1958 because I asked her I said would it be it wouldn't be I wouldn't be penalized and it wouldn't show after the first she says the date for it starts that I applied would be yesterday's date and she said mm-hmm that's what she told me yeah okay okay yeah I already have that that's what company here mm-hmm that's what company here okay okay mm-hmm okay okay okay okay okay mm-hmm no what about the prescription drug plan because I have nice I told you I could I couldn't go online to activate it it wouldn't let me go through and I was having problems yesterday with my computer but AT&T sent me a new modem today but I haven't installed it yet now what do I do as far as with this prescription drug plan and I don't have the card okay mm-hmm yeah okay okay not even with the Medicaid mm-hmm until the park until I get the card the stating that I have the part B okay okay okay in my handbook mm-hmm I don't think so mm-hmm okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay mm-hmm okay okay okay okay until the okay mm-hmm so then once I get the B then I can enroll in whatever plan and that will be well there okay why don't I have any upcoming appointments so yes mm-hmm oh okay oh okay yes okay okay okay okay oh oh oh mm-hmm oh I'm I'm understanding and I appreciate you explaining everything to me I really do because like I said I will do okay that's true yes mm-hmm okay so you'll keep if you get it first then you'll call me if I get it first I'll call you okay okay I really appreciate it yes because I called I called I called twice today and I called yesterday mm-hmm okay I did oh no yes one was yesterday and the two was today oh no I didn't make three back today I made two today but hey one was this morning which was after nine o'clock and then the other one was as after one o'clock and it was mm-hmm yeah I was just so sick yesterday you know but I did go take care of that and with the computer and my house phone because it's connected together I have AT&T or my house phone in my computer and then I'm calling yeah so I'm calling from my cell phone but it's not through AT&T my cell phone is it that's why I gave you the number that I did because you I've called you the first time and that information was off on my house phone once I get the card and I will be calling you back and hopefully I won't have to have no kind of emergency other than these two funerals and I have to go to yes that impressed my brother Mahi's he's transitioning now but he's not included in the two that I'm going to one is tomorrow and then one is next week on the third my neighbor so I'm going to that one and then this is my cousin's husband's brother that's tomorrow but no my brother Mahi's he's stage 4 terminal cancer but he he started transitioning this week so I've been a little upset on a lot of things and then my other neighbor and I heard about it on the news Sunday morning about a person crossing the street on 95th of union and the person trained by and hit him and kept on going and I said Lord I hope it ain't nobody that I know and it is and he was only 35 years old so I've been kind of lying it really hasn't been a good week for me you know it really hasn't so I'm just going through it right now yeah it's going to be okay it's going to be yes it will but man like I said I'm going to have to take care of yesterday with this car being self I want to just wait on the car for that Ian go from there thank you so much I appreciate you thank you so much I really appreciate that Stacy I really do love all your help okay thank you so very much okay bye bye