Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Good morning. Thank you for calling well care. My name is Justice Christian. How may I help you today? Okay, do you currently have healthcare coverage? And what do you have if you don't mind me asking? Okay, so you are currently with well care. All right. What is your first name? And your last name, Norma? And your zip code? And do you also get extra help or Medicaid? Okay, one second. I can check that for you and see what's going on. All right, Norma, can you confirm your date of birth? All right, one second. I'm going to do you happen to have your red, white, and blue Medicare card just so I can verify your Medicare information. I'll need the first four character. Okay, just need the first four. Okay. And last name is spelled S-A-N-G-E-N. Yep, give me one second. Sometimes it takes a little bit. Okay, I'm not finding you. You said one X-R-6. All right. And Norma spelled N-O-R-M-A. And your last name is spelled S-A-N-G-E-N. Oh, okay. That's probably why then one second. And then we need to check your Medicaid too, right? Okay, give me a second for this to load up. Um, for your Medicaid, do you have your Medicaid card? Okay, just give me a second. I'm still not finding you. What is going on? Date of birth is September 20th, 1945, right? Oh, okay, that's why. All right. It should work now, hopefully. Okay. Okay, I found you now. I know. Okay, and I'm not seeing no extra help or Medicaid or anything like that. It looks like you're just in the regular well care no premium HMO. Okay, I can help you with that too. Okay, and how often... Yeah, you're good. How often would you say you go to the doctors or receive medical care in a year? Okay, all right. And then you're currently in that well care no premium HMO. Oh, let's see. Yeah, well care, advantage, no premium HMO. You pay $45 for a specialist. Okay. Okay, you don't go to one right now. Okay, all right. Okay, just tracking a few things. Now what's the name of your primary care physician? What's that position's name? Okay, all right. And Mata, that's M-A-T-A, right? Okay. Yeah. Oh. Okay, I'm still not finding your position. Miss Maria Mata. Okay. Yeah, I'm not finding her. And Maria has felt like normal, right? Maria M-A-R-I-A. Oh, yeah. I'm not finding her. Now, is she at the same office as your old physician? Okay. Is it Maria or Ralana Mata? Okay. Let's see. I found her now. It's her... Yeah, I found her. I found her. So she got two last names. Ralana O-R-E-L-L-L-A-N-A. And then Mata. And she's on Connecticut Street. Okay. All right. Yeah, I'm going to have... I will give you the number because I can't actually do it on my end. But it'll be a different representative and they'll go through everything. You can do it all on the phone. Right now, I'm just making sure that you're... Because I'm with well care. So I'm making sure that you're getting all the benefits for the new year right now. You just had to find your physician first. And we're good now. Yeah. All right. And you don't have Medicaid right now. You do want to apply for it. Okay. Extra help. I'm... All right. And then you're currently in that HMO. So let's see. After some updates for you. And I think there are... All right. So you're in that well care. No premium HMO. We're going to look for... Okay. All right. So there are updated benefits in your area for the new year. So for the 2024 year that I want to go over with you. But before I do, so I will have to play you this quick disclaimer. Is that okay? Okay, one second. Great. The disclaimer should be playing now. Monday, January 29th, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information, unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan-slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan-slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto-dial or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. Okay, so you're currently in the well-care no premium HMO. That plan for the New Year does not offer any over the counter, so you never receive the over-the-counter card, right? Yes, because that one does not offer it, so I want to update you to the well-care no premium open PPO, which is the same thing basically. A HMO means that you have to be seen by in-network providers. A PPO means you have the flexibility of seeing whoever you want to see, so that's one of the major changes. Additional services on top of that is acupuncture isn't covered as well, so I don't know if that's something you like to do, but you will be able to do that with the well-care no premium open PPO. You also get in-home support services, so this is different than regular home healthcare. You get in-home, six in-home support services offered to you at no cost to you, no prior authorization is required for these services, so you have six visits for someone to help you clean your house or whatever the case may be, and this is no cost to you as well. There's also over-the-counter allowance with this well-care no premium PPO, so you would get $84 and over-the-counter, so you can use that for your personal care needs. You can also use it for the New Year as dental vision, like hearing co-payments as well, so you know, if you go to your eye doctor and you have a co-payment, you can use your OTC card for that now for the New Year. Dental is also included, so you get that preventive and comprehensive dental up to $1,000 benefit. Diabetic supplies are no cost to you. Lab services, so your diagnostic tests, lab and radiology services are offered at no cost to you. Dr. Office visits for your primary care physician is no cost to you, especially if it will be a $40 co-payment, which is $5 less than the HMO. Hearing is also included, so that's the routine hearing exam, the fitting and evaluation if you already have hearing aids, and then you get 750 per ear towards hearing aids every year. There's also a mill benefit, so members who qualify are eligible to receive mills delivered right to their door to improve their health, so if, let's say you have a hospital stay upon release, you are eligible to receive two weeks of mills delivered to your door at no cost to you to help you recover. There's also additional transportation, so you get 12 trips to transportation for like your medical needs, if you would need that. Urgent need of care is a $35 co-payment, and then for vision, you get that routine ISM, and then you get $200 for contact glasses, lenses are frames a year. So no major changes besides, you know, it's going from a PPO, and then you're also getting that over the counter and lower co-payments as well, which is good. Now you're taking prescription medications, right? What pharmacy do you go to? Okay. What's the names of, do you know the names of your prescription medications? Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Okay. A buterole? Is it a buterole? Okay. Okay. Oh, that's good. So look at, yeah, that's good. Yeah. So you just start, you stop taking it when you're on, that's good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, while you sound good, it doesn't sound like you're having any issues with your breathing or anything like that while we're talking, because you know sometimes you can tell when someone's going to after them or something like that. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Good. Yeah, you're doing real good. Good. Two medications. Good. Okay. All right. Now another question, are you on a smartphone? Uh-huh. Are you on a smartphone? Okay. All right. So I'm going to send you this link so we can go over everything together. It's really easy. Just give me a second. Yeah, everything. Philadelphia. Now what hospital do you go to when you have to go to the hospital? Okay. And are you receiving any physical therapy or anything like that? Okay. Good. Uh-huh. You get your help from your what? Oh. Mm-hmm. That is exercise. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yep. What? That's good. So you're active. Oh, it's like that sometimes. Mm-hmm. Yeah, she's busy. Yeah. No, you're good. I'm just, no, you can talk. It's fine. I'm just filling out the stuff to send you the link. I know it's frustrating. All right. So I'm going to send you the link. Let me confirm your number is still 716-548-3145. All right. So I sent you the link so you can just put me on speakerphone. You should receive it in your text messages. Mm-hmm. All right. So you text, you text. You click on that hyperlink. Yeah, go in your text messages and then click the hyperlink. Oh, the hyperlink. You said so the text message is a link and then you should be able to just click it. Do you see it? Okay. Let me know when that link loads up. What do you see? Did you click the link? Okay. Uh-huh. So you go through it. So that's just reviewing your information to update the well care. So you just review that and then you hit next step. You see next step. And then you're reviewing all of that. Mm-hmm. I don't understand it either. I know. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. And then just hit next step. What is it? Oh. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. And then next step. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Did you hit next step? You must have hit something wrong because go back to the page where it says next step because there's a couple steps you have to go through. So you should see a whole bunch of next steps until it tells you to check your name as a confirmation. Mm-hmm. So go to next step. Mm-hmm. So you're that. Mm-hmm. Yeah. That's why you're going to get that extra help too. Yeah. And then extra help will help you with that. But this is the, this is resubmitting your updated application, what that link is for. So you scroll through the first page and hit next step. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. The next step that I don't know why it's, yeah. I don't know if you pick something extra, but it should just be like, you should see a part where it shows your like mem Medicare ID number and then you hit next step to that. Let's see. Okay. All right. So go back to your text message and then click that hyperlink again on your text messages. Maybe. Let me send it again. And then I'll walk you, I'll walk you through it, okay? One second. Oh, that's not it. Okay. So I'm going to send it again. So just click that hyperlink. And then when you get on the first page after you click the hyperlink, don't click anything else besides next step. So you scroll down and hit next step. So you should have got that in your text messages.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Well, yes, I got a letter in the mail about benefits. See if I'm eligible for benefits for Medicare Advantage claim. Yes. I have Medicare Advantage claim wheelchair. Yes. Normal. Angers. S-A-N-G-E-R. 1-4-2-0-0-9. I've been trying to call, and I did have it for last year, but I don't know if they have to put me back on the producer. All right. Thank you. August 20, 1945. Great. Okay. Just a minute. Okay. All right. I've got it for you. 1-X-9-6. 1-X. I'm sorry. 1-X-R-6. Yes. Okay. 6. Yes. Yes. No, G-E-R. Okay. You need all the numbers on Medicaid or no? Yes. I have right in my hand. No. It's August 20, 1945. Yes. Yes. And there's nobody in my house that is important to me. Okay. Is that good? Thank goodness, right? Yeah, I was trying to get a hold of will on the actual, but I can't find a number. Oh, sometimes three, four times, maybe more than a year. Yeah, I've got work, yes, it's got work here, then it's playing with it too. Yeah, but I don't go to, I mean, I don't, I don't have no tickets for in the morning, just go for three. No, I go to the doctor, that's enough for right now, but I got a new one, I did have doctor rich before, but I have a new one now. It's Maria, Maria, my child. And her middle name is me, whatever her name is, O-R-E-L-L-A-N-A-S-A-N-A, an A-T-T-A. She's got two T's and that one. That's just like my name, they used to call me singer, singer, but I was younger. You know, like the soul machine. Now they got the soul, they advertised on TV. Yeah, I just started her about a month or so ago because I had doctor rich before. Yeah, because I have another appointment on the 26th of this month. Separately. Right. No, she's on Connecticut Street. I have no idea. The only thing I got is Maria. I know. I just confused who you are. You know, some doctors I make an appointment, but I never see it. Okay. And now I see her every time. Okay. Right. Right. Right. Okay, before we get started on anything, can I still have you do extra help for me or do I have to call an ASO? Okay. You know, sometimes people don't, sometimes people don't put it on a computer. So from the day, oh, you've got to go through the whole thing all over again. No, no extra help. I have met, I have met, no, I don't have met. Right. I have one extra help. No, I don't have Medicaid. I get Medicare. Sure, this one. Yes. No, I never got there. No. Okay. Yes. I go to right eight. I'm Delaware. See, I got him right here. Hold on. All right. I have a pill to take every morning. It's V-A-L-S-A-R-T-A-N-X-40 milligrams. That's for my health. And I have an inhale. I have to take two. It's a 200 milligrams. Pardon me? Yeah, something like that. T-E-T-R-E-L-E-G-Y. Yeah, like 200 milligrams with it. Those are the only two I take. I used to take six when I first came home from the hospital. Oh, my god. You know, then I'm, I was, I stopped taking actions because I still like I'm getting the, I like to smell from my container. Yeah. I mean, it's been here from here. Yeah, because I got tired of the case in my mouth. And I was trying to, as a condenser, I couldn't get that. So I just get it. I'll just, you know, take my papers and my medication. Right. Yeah, but I mean, going up and down stairs sometimes to come back up. I have a little problem. Otherwise, I'm doing pretty good. And then I'll be almost watching. 80 years old. And I don't need all the stuff. All right. Thank you. Yeah, that's all I got. Sorry. Okay. I'm just trying to put my medicine away. Now, what did you say? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm on, I'm on. I'm on one of my, you know, you walk with your phone, you tag yourself. Your cell phone. I'm on one of those. Okay. All right. Well, I was going to sisters for a while. And I did go to ECMC when they first started. So I was back. I went back to school. I went to sisters after. No, I wasn't. And then I came out to hospital. Right now. I'm kind of doing my own, not my own, you know, exercise, like crawling back and forth. I got out of the floor, but I have a hair plan getting up. Sometimes I get my own, my bag. Okay. And then I was. I stand up for my bed. I used my bed to practice myself. Yeah, it's all getting for me up there on the floor. Because I like doing my rug on my hands and knees when I have my rug that I do want to brush That's exercise for me too. So that is and then after while you're on get some kind of sore Cuz you're playing around with the rug trying to clean it. Yeah Yep, I do everything on my hands and knees so Yeah, it's all right Yep Everyone's gonna want to get help from my daughter cuz She needs exercise too Yeah, but she goes to school now, you know working too, you know, she's kind of Hard to get up a morning, you know working around but yes all the time So okay, I'm sorry. Go ahead Okay Well, at least I don't have to have a person that can't speak English I hate when they do that to me. I hate that I keep telling the phone to something I want to do Yeah, I'm yeah, you know, I keep telling the phone to something wrong with that phone It's hard really. I want to be nice and be a good girl And yes, yes, right Okay Yeah, I got it on my phone already the number and everything Okay, well I have to look at it again because they took a date and that's what I'm ready to go Okay, you're gonna call right eight two Okay, well, I'm gonna have to do it later. I'll be I'll be clicking it in I've put it in my my phone later But I'll do it. Yeah, but I can't get it on my phone or oh, yes, I can Yep, I got it now. Yeah, I got it because the numbers are something I got to do too Yeah, I did I got it in blue now In real clear math next medical enrollment Well, I see it. Okay. Yeah, it says clear match No, the welfare and the premium open want to clean it Yeah, I got it Why is it so much for a hospital stay? I don't understand just for one day My god Wow, yeah, I'm going through all of it right now just looking at it So far as you have just good, okay Yes, I got it all okay We do offer every plan available in your area Confirmed me dot that if you want to join That's so based on what the highest number will do enrollment Oh, it's said for the next assistant for every Medicare evaluation plans based on five year I start rating program the best seller Monthly enrollment data data I'll just buy this sentence on the care of Medicaid services Oh green the side of visiting recording the trustees whatever My guess that's all nothing else Yeah, by using this site I confirm and agree with the site registered by the trustee form and Ingeneral is multiple. Yeah, number dated 920 2023 That was my last updated Okay All right, I got it all No, there's nothing after the date after that. That's empty Nope Yeah, I think so that already This is clear match then I went back down to Medicare and up for me Yeah, I got an open Primary doctor most specialist is 40 And after my medicine Huh, no, I mean, I get my medicine at the store today supposed to be checking mine to make it you know Last of what it is. It's it's 47 to get it out And then you and they were supposed to I guess to create it It's supposed to be 30 Okay, my information my address Okay, mailing address. Okay, and this is next step In any case we cried film trustee site See secure form It's got the policy license legal Terms of the service do not call the policy that the die health care office one. I mean health plan one All rights reserved let's see Yeah, that's the end of it after that. So I read all this We do offer every no, I don't have it. I just got you know, what something that says No, it doesn't say I don't have it on my phone now it's gone I just got information about Yep, they're gone. I guess I but I guess if I hear them or do one time they just disconnect Yep, okay, okay Oh, don't have it now Yep