Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hello, good morning. May I speak to Lavon? Hi, Ms. Lavon. Good morning. This is Roger asked to view a license advisor with well care Medicare I just wanted to know if this calls recorder for quality and training purposes Wanted to call you wish you a very happy birthday. If I have my information correct All right, great and I um, I apologize. I have you scheduled set up here on my calendar for a follow-up call But I don't have any notes My name is Roger. I'm a licensed advisor I'm not sure if you were calling in for some additional benefit Okay, no, not a problem. We'll happy birthday. Um, is this a good time for you, Ms. Lavon? I'll try to do as much as I can and if we need to I know it's your birthday We'll schedule a call back if we if we need to if that's okay All right, I'm just gonna Close recorder for quality and training purposes. Can you just verify your zip code or physical zip code encounter? Make sure I have that right also You got it. All right, Ms. Lavon What I'm gonna do just quickly is just play a recording that Medicare requires me to play so that I can get your permission and Discussing the benefits for you in your area Just bear with me. Please keep in mind. We don't offer every plan available in your area I'm just gonna start that recording with Lavon so we can get started, okay? Thank you, ma'am one second Monday January 29th 2,024 this call will be recorded for quality and training purposes You are not required to give any health-related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services free of charge are available to you TTY users may dial 711 for assistance Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare Advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part de-sponsor Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason we will need to reach you at this number Even if it is on the do not call list Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls texts at this number including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the do not call list This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpon.com Before we get started today, we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any Ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage Hello, Ms. Levant Thank you so much for patiently waiting. I just need to ask two questions if you understood and agree to the disclaimer that I played about calls and texts to this number Thank you, ma'am And so we can discuss your coverage and these benefits in your area Do I have your permission to discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, your prescriptions, dental, vision, or any Ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage as needed today? All right, thank you, ma'am. So just going to ask a few questions. Is there anybody else in the household that helps you make health related decisions or do you make your own decisions? Okay, great. And can you just share with me who you currently have as your health coverage or health provider? And you have Medicare Part A and B? But do you know what type of card do you present in your doctor when you go to see a doctor? Just the red, white, and blue one? Do you have that in hand? Okay, perfect. Could you verify the Medicare number with me, ma'am? It's going to start off with a number and then the letter is 11 digits long, Ms. Levant. All right, thank you. And do I have your permission to look this up in the Medicare database for you, Ms. Levant? Thank you. Okay, I do see your coverage. Give me one second. Let me see. Let me put this in my notes real quick, Ms. Levant. Make sure everything's good, great, great. Just to protect your identity. Have you recently moved in the last two months? Are you still on Rhino? Okay. And then I'm going to ask you, let me take a look at what you have. And I'm going to ask you a few questions so I can focus on what's important to you as well, and how you're wanting to utilize or wanting to get out of your plan. So it, no. All right, and see, I'm looking pretty much what I got. What is the name of your primary care doctor, Ms. that you go or would go see if you have to go get a checkup or Chelsea Williams. Okay, I'm going to read a couple of streets and just tell me which one sounds familiar to 13 Kimball to 11 Kimball. 104 North Broadway to 13 or to 11. Okay, okay, okay, I found her already. Let me just verify her for you real quick. And how long have you had Ms. Chelsea as your family doctor? Okay, great. Okay. Okay, I found your doctor to have her in network. And other than Ms. Chelsea Williams, are there any other doctors like any specialist that you might have to see or have appointments with? I'm sorry. Okay, not a problem. And since you were looking at some additional benefits, if my job is a license advisor to help you reduce any out of pocket exposure and make sure that you get all the benefits that you're entitled to to get so that way you can utilize your plan correctly. I got your doctor verified. I know you said you have a cardiologist. What benefits would you like to enhance out of your plan that you want to utilize? Whether it be dental vision hearing over the counter money. Okay, so these companies that give you an allowance on a card. These days so that you can order over the counter products or products up of a catalog. Things like cold medicines, white piece for the restroom, boost milkshakes, deodorant, things that you would normally buy at a store so that you don't have to come out of pocket. Okay, yeah, I have everything available for you so I can make this call easy for both of us Ms. Lavon. Would you be able to or kind enough to grab something to write with? Don't worry, take your time among your time and I am ready for you whenever you are. Make this easy for both of us. Okay, the first thing I'd like to do with you, Ms. Lavon is share my name with you. I would be your license stage and if you case you ever have any questions regarding your benefits, what you have, your coverage, things like that. My name is Roger. My last name is a studio. If you would like to write an initial A, I'm going to give you my direct phone number so you'll have my direct phone number. My direct phone number to get in touch with me directly is 8449811407 and my direct extension is 3113. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. My last name is a studio. So here with the letter A, it's A-S-T-U-D-Z-N-David-I-L-L-O. And so just a courtesy on that paper. Today is the 29th. Wednesday technically would be the last day. If in case you like what you hear from me today, as far as the benefits and everything that I found for you, I would either be able to do it anywhere from today, last day would be Wednesday for these benefits to start for you February 1st. If you like what you hear, all right. So what I found for you, the name is called well care, no premium, your doctor Chelsea Williams, your primary care doctor. She is in the network at 213 East Kimball Street, Callaway, phone number 308-836-228. She is in my network. So your copay or visit with her would be zero. All right. If you had to go see a specialist like your cardiologist, as long I know you right now, I'm just going to present what I found for you. As long as your cardiologist is in the network, then the copay for the cardiologist or specialist would be 25. Yes, ma'am. Are you aware what maximum auto pocket means on any plan? We're more than happy to explain it like if you're my mother. If you wanted every plan has a different amount. Every plan has the same amount of money in the plan. It's just shuffled differently in different areas depending on the needs of the customer. So what maximum auto pocket, if you want to think of it like a safety net, the lower the amount, the better for you as a customer. So for this plan that I found for you, the maximum auto pocket is only 3600 annually. And what that means to you is that not that you would ever want to reach that amount. But if you ever did knock on wood in a month, two months or three months, you were no longer having to pay a copay or coinsurance the rest of the year because you've reached the maximum pocket amount. So not that you would ever want to reach that amount, you just know that you'll never go past paying that amount in a year. Alright, next would be like hospitalization coverage under the plan. Knock on wood or God forbid if you ever had to be admitted into a hospital. The admission copay is only 375 a day, but only for the first five days. You have hospitalization coverage up to 90 days or more to be admitted, but you're only entitled to pay the first five days. And then if you're still at the hospital over five days, the insurance kicks in and your copay would be zero from day six through day 90 and beyond. Alright, you do get an annual wellness visit with your Miss Chelsea Williams every year, which whether it be a mammogram or screening that would be considered zero. If you ever had an emergency and your doctor was not available for like an appointment and you had to see a doctor immediately, you have coverage for urgent care clinics. So as long as you were to choose an urgent care clinic that's in the network, the copay is only 35 dollars for urgent care. Alright, I'm going to go into the additional benefits. I did write down that you were finding, you know, dental vision and the over the corner importantly, but I'm going to go over everything that the plan offers you. So briefly, I will start off with the hearing services. If you ever need a utilize hearing out of your plan and just let me know whenever you're ready to go see a hearing specialist, the copay would only be 25. Your hearing exam is covered by the insurance at zero once a year. And if you ever needed hearing aids, the insurance gives you an allowance so that you don't have to come out of pocket for hearing aids, your allowance would be $1,500 for hearing aids. It's 750 for your left ear and 750 for your right ear. Alright, next would be your dental. So you would have dental services and coverage if you need to utilize this out of your plan. Alright, just very respectfully, ma'am. I'm going to start off with which you automatically get at a zero dollar copay or visit for dental. And the zero dollar copay, which includes the maintenance like preventative services. So the two cleaning in a year for your teeth, dental x-rays, two oral exams are covered and fluoride treatment. Those services in the year would be zero dollar copay, those that's just your maintenance. You are going to have comprehensive services covered. Comprehensive services would be things like extractions, dentures, filling, bridges, root canals. Those are comprehensive services. If you ever need to utilize your dental services for those services, the copay would only be $25. And your allowance for the comprehensive services is $2,000 in the year. Okay, next would be vision. If you ever had to go see an eye specialist, the copay would only be $25. Your eye exams and would be covered once a year by the insurance at $0 once a year. Excuse me. And your allowance for your glasses, frames or contacts would be $200 a year. So you don't have to come out of pocket for some glasses. All right. This plan also includes a prescription drug plan included if you're on any prescription that we want to make sure that are covered as well. There is no deductible or I'm sorry. There is a deductible but only on the certain tiers, prescriptions. Are there any prescriptions we want to make sure we can save you some money on or that are make sure that are covered as well. Okay. That's great. And then you would also get offered under the plan. You would get I'm not sure if you like to stay active. You would get a gym membership offered to you at no cost. You don't have to worry about if you go or you don't go. It's covered for you through the year. And then the over the counter or it's called the will care spendable card to debit card that would be pre loaded every month that you would receive under this plan. It's a total of 660 in the year. So it's a deposit or load load of $55 a month on the card. Whatever you don't spend the one month will roll over to the next month. So if you one month you get 55 you only spend 50 the next month you would have 60. Because those $5 would roll over the way that you're able to utilize this card is two different ways. You can use it by ordering over the counter products such as pain relievers, vitamins, cold or allergy items, deodorant, razors, anything that's in the catalog considered over the counter. You can order with those funds and get them delivered to your house or you can use it at the dental vision and hearing location like covering the copay or visit so you don't have to come out of pocket. So far do you think that these benefits or coverage is any better than what you currently have that you're able to utilize. Okay. Now just one last piece of the puzzle I know that I cut you in the morning. Do you have any, when's your next appointment for your cardiologist? Okay. So on the plan that I'm going over with you there is no deductible to have to be met for your prescriptions any tier one prescriptions are going to be zero dollars. Any tier two's the 30 days would be no more than $4, $12 for 90 days and tier six are zero dollars. So if you're not on too many prescriptions like depending on what category they are most likely going to be zero. So the last piece of the puzzle. Do you have any prescriptions I know it was a year ago or would you think that you can remember your cardiologist name just so I can make sure he's a network for you. Would you be okay with Miss Chelsea since your appointments not going to be till I'm not sure when. Would you be all right with Miss Chelsea either referring you to the same one if he's a network or to a different one when your appointment comes up or that time comes up. Okay. I would love for you to keep him as well. I just need to verify if he's going to be in the network or not. Do you know the location where you would go to go see him. Do you go see him at the same location where you go see Chelsea at 2.13. Is it a Zaria Karuba Karan. Are you familiar with 6.11 West Francis Street is Miss Levant. Hello. Hello Miss Levant.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hello That's me. Well, thank you. Yes, you do I Think I wanted to check out if there were any difference If it doesn't take too long. Yeah, okay, that's fine 68825 at Custer County Okay, yes, well, I think I do it was kind of fast and quick, but I I think I do I think so. I make my own decisions It's out of Calaway. It's off from the hospital in Calaway I guess it's a and B it It's a Medicare card. I think so Well, I was you know where my person is Is it here by the table I can't see my purse right now looking my bedroom with you this one. Thank you Yeah, I just have a red, white and blue and it's Medicare health insurance it says 10th hospital A and medical part B 9C 5.8 F3.7 X M 2 3 As near as I know no, we're I live on Rhino road I suppose I can't think of his name Kelsey Williams is one of my doctors. Yes Doctor Williams The Campbell Street I'm not sure which it is, but it's on it's it's on the Campbell Street So I think one one is the hospital and one is a clinic, I think Several years I'm not sure just exactly how long You're catching me off garden. I'm not thinking very fast I have a heart doctor I can think of his name. Oh, I can't think of his name right now. He comes out of Carnegie, but he He's a specialty clinic doctor that comes to Callaway probably vision and I don't know what you mean by over the counter. Oh, I see all that would be nice too If that's available I'll have to find a pen Okay, okay, your name Okay, okay Okay, eight four four nine eight one one four oh seven Okay, and extension three one one three, okay And your last name starts with an A Okay, not as hard as it sounds Okay Okay, are you talking about $25? Okay, I don't think I am I see Okay, okay Okay, okay I don't have very much medication Okay Okay Okay I guess so as near as I can tell it is It was a year so it'd be sometime this summer I haven't got a date at this point Uh, I don't think so not that I could recall Well, I like the one I go to so I guess I would like to keep him Well, I just can't think of his name right off the top of my head I'm in Callaway He comes from Karnie and he does a specialty clinic in Callaway ever so often Yes, you know Let me see if I can See if I have a card here somewhere Our his name is Thomas Landspa Are you there? Hello No, I'm not uh the doctor's name that the Is Thomas Landspa Yes, I'm here. I'm here Yeah, I'm here