Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling well care. This is Mike Livingston. I am a light and health advisor who have the pleasure of speaking with today. Hey Ms. Martin, how are you doing? You call it to a role in the Medicare Advantage plan and through all the different benefits on the plan, wanting to ensure that you have all the benefits for the well care dual liberty. Is that correct? Okay, we're going to go ahead and get started. You want the whole thing? What do you mean? Oh, well, you can tell them that. I don't deal with the money. We're going to talk about money one time and they don't let me collect no money. We'll do the, that's not my, it's above my pay grade. Put you on a brief haul, okay? Bear with me one minute. All right. Thanks for, thanks so much for holding. I do appreciate your patience. Please know our call will be recorded, a quality and training purposes. We did not offer every plan available in your area currently. We represent 11 organizations which offer 99 products in your area. Please contact Medicare.gov at 1-800-Medicare or your local state health insurance program to get information on all your options. Would you like to continue with the enrollment? Yes or no? Okay. And would you please state your name for the recording and your date of birth, please? Thank you. And with this application, we'll ask questions to process your application. I will cover the plan requirements, review the pre-enrollment checklist, and the summary of benefits. The answer any questions that you may have. The enrollment checklist can also be reviewed on the Well Care website. Effect on current coverage. Your current health care coverage will end once your new Medicare coverage starts. For example, if you are in try care, are a Medicare plan, you will no longer receive benefits from that plan once your new coverage starts. At the end of the application, we will ask you to confirm the accuracy of your answers, which will be recorded. Please confirm that you consent by saying yes. Okay. Plan confirmation, your response to this form is voluntary. However, failure to respond may affect enrollment in the plan. We have free interpreter service to answer any questions that you may have about this health, a drug plan. To get it interpreted, just call us at 1-800-633-4227. TTY users should call 7-1-1. This is a free service the following languages are included. Spanish, Chinese, Tagalog, French, Vietnamese, German, Korean, Russian, Arabic, Italian, Portuguese, French, Korean, Polish, Indie, Gajari, Thai, and Japanese. Someone who speaks those languages can help you. You are not required to provide health-related information unless this information is needed to determine your eligibility to enroll in the plan. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in the plan. We comply with applicable federal civil rights laws and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. Before making enrollment decision, it is important that you fully understand the plan's benefits and rules. Based on what we discussed, please confirm that you would like to enroll in the well-cared dual-liberty HML DSMP with an effective date of February 1st. And the plan premium was zero. Is that correct? Yes or no? Okay. I'm confirming that if you are an existing plan, you want to switch from your current plan into this plan. Is that correct? Yes or no? If you are ready to enroll, then we will fill out the application, process your signature. Once we complete the signature, I will give you the application number for reference, tell you when to expect materials in the mail and provide you with the customer service number for your reference. Are you ready to enroll now? Yes or no? Okay. And I have your Medicare number and I'm entering it on the application. Is that okay with you? I'm also going to enter the Part A and Part B effective dates on the application. Is that okay with you? Okay. Would you please state your date of birth for the recording once again? Thank you. Would you please verify your gender, male or female? Okay. And your phone number, please. And this is your mobile or cell numbers, correct? Okay. And do you have an alternate number you'd like to share? And do you have an email address you'd like to share? Okay. Go right ahead. Okay. Got it. And let's see here. Would you please state your address? Thank you. Now, is there a mailing address different from the mailing address you've given me? Is there a mailing address in the physical address that's the same? Is that correct? Got it. Okay. Let me put this up here. Okay. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. Okay. You said there is no difference in that. Now, would you please state your ethnicity or race? Would you like to receive your plan information in a different language or format? Yes or no? Okay. And would you like to receive your evidence of coverage and your summary of benefits and large print for better reading? Okay. I always recommend that. Everything like is getting so smaller than that. Okay. And your primary care physician's name is Dixon Salva. Is that correct? And that's D-H-I-E-K-S-O-N and S-A-L-V-A. Is that correct? Okay. D-H-I-E-K-S-O-N and then Salva's S-A-L-V-A is that correct? All right. Very good. And will you have other prescription drug coverage in addition to this plan? Yes or no? Okay. What I'm asking you is, when you have this plan, you're going to have your prescriptions on this plan. What the plan is asking, will you have other prescription drug coverage? Okay. Also, are you resident in a long-term care facility such as a nursing home? Yes or no? And are you enrolled in your state Medicaid program? Yes or no? Okay. I need to say yes or no. Okay. Now, I have your Medicaid number. I'm going to enter it on the application. Is that okay? Will you or your spouse be employed once you have enrolled in this plan? Yes or no? Okay. So, that'd be yes or no. Okay. And once enrolled, you have other medical health coverage, where you are the subscriber, are covered as a spouse or dependent? Yes or no? Okay. Now, I'm going to read this paragraph, too. Then, I'm going to explain it to you. Okay. If you must pay a Part D income related monthly adjustment amount, it's called the Part D Irma, you will be required to pay this extra amount in addition to your plan premium. The amount is usually taken out of your Social Security benefit check, or you may get a bill from Medicare or the RRB. Don't pay well care organization the Part D Irma. You must continue to pay your Part A for applicable and Part B premium. We will not collect any premium at this time, but we do need to know how you would like to pay any premium in the future. You can pay your monthly plan premium with including any late enrollment penalty that you currently have, or may owe, by mail each month, or you can also choose to pay your premium by having it automatically taken out of your Social Security or a railroad retirement for RRB benefit check each month. Now, most people I speak with, like yourself, that have a zero monthly premium, they usually say get a bill, because they realize they get a bill and that bill says zero do. It's not really a bill, it's actually a monthly statement. So, would you like for me to select get a bill on your behalf? No, there's nothing to take out to hear me out. Most people that have a zero monthly premium like you, this is going to be zero. They have to select one or the other, so what they generally do is to let get a bill, because they realize if they get a bill and the bill says zero do, it's not really a bill, it's actually a statement, a monthly statement. Would you like me to let get a bill on your behalf? You'll get a coupon book. The coupon book will show zero do each month. Now, if you have extra help, please note, if you have extra help and are enrolling in a plan with drug coverage, you may experience a change in premium or copay if your extra help level changes. Well, your extra help level hasn't changed, and you have level two at 100%, and that's going to be valid until December of 2024. Now, to finish your enrollment, we need to go through some important legal information. I will now play the CMS required disclaimer. Please stay on the phone for this recorded disclaimer. If you have questions doing the recording, ask me to stop the recording. Please do not hang up. Otherwise, your enrollment will not be complete. After listening to this disclaimer, if you agree to what you heard, I will proceed to attain your verbal signature. Now, I'm going to play this disclaimer. Once this disclaimer is done, we'll be done, okay? Well, care is a licensed and certified representative of Medicare Advantage HMO, HMO SNP, PPO, PPO SNP, and VFFS organizations, and stand-alone PDP prescription drug plans. Each of the organizations there represent has a Medicare contract. Enrollment in any plan depends on contract renewal. Non-contracted out-of-network providers are not obligated to treat you except for emergencies or urgently needed services, otherwise you may be responsible for the costs. Your ability to enroll in the special needs plan is based on verification that you are entitled to both Medicare and the qualifying level of Medicaid. The information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of my knowledge. I understand that if I am getting assistance from a sales agent, broker, or other individual employed by or contracted with well-care, he or she may be paid based on my enrollment in well-care well-care serves a specific service area. If I move out of the area that well-care serves, I need to notify the plan so I can disenroll and find a new plan in my new area. Once I am a member of well-care, I have the right to appeal plan decisions about payment or services if I disagree. I understand that my verbal signature or the verbal signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the individual under the laws of the state where the individual resides on this application means that I have read and understand the contents of this application. If signed by an authorized individual, this verbal signature certifies that one, this person is authorized under state law to complete this enrollment and two, documentation of this authority is available upon request by Medicare. Thank you for your patience. And do you understand and agree to the statements that we have reviewed in this call, including your intention to enroll in this plan? Do you understand that you are enrolling in the plan well-care, dual-liberty, HMO, DSMP, for a monthly premium of no more than zero. The plan's proposed effective date is February 1, 2024. Is subject to approval by Medicare? Yes or no? Today's date is January 26, 2024. To confirm your application and to acknowledge the information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of your knowledge, you understand that if you intentionally provide false information on this form, you will be disenrolled from the plan. To enroll you in the well-care, dual-liberty, HMO, DSMP, please state your full name and today's date. Well, that completes the application process. Well-care was in you a confirmation that your application was received. We will also notify you by mail of the status of your enrollment. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS collects information from Medicare plans to track beneficiary enrollment and Medicare Advantage, our prescription drug plans, improved care, and for the payment of Medicare Benefits Sections 1851 and 1860D-1 of the Social Security Act and 42 CFR, 422.50, 422.60, 423.30, and 423.32. Authorize the collection of this information. CMS may use to disclose an exchange enrollment data from Medicare beneficiaries as specified in the system's record, notice SORN. Medicare Advantage prescription drug, Mark's systems, know our number 09-70-0588. Your response to this form is voluntary or however failure to respond, may affect enrollment in the plan. Also, we would like to make sure the sales experience was conducted appropriately and stay in contact with you by phone and other methods using the information you provided us. May we call you at 832-774-4858 if we reach out by phone. The confirmation number for your enrollment, you certainly want to write this down. Tell me when you're ready. Okay, the number is H as in Harry, P as in Paul, T as in Tom, 105, 9294. Can you please read that confirmation back to me? Excellent. Now, before we get out the phone, I just want to remind you that if you have any questions or would like to check your enrollment status, our benefits you may call customer service for well care. They're available seven days a week, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. TTY, TDD users should call 7-1-1, Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Please be sure to have your confirmation number and the date and time of this enrollment when calling for status. The time where you are is 5-09 p.m. Oh, it's 14 where you are. I'll call it 5-09 on this thing. Okay. And I'm 4-12. Check that out. Anyway, you're okay. I'm going to give it to you. That's not it. 7-1-1 is for people that don't understand, they have poor communications like they can't talk and read and all that kind of stuff. That's 7-1-1. That's for TTY, TDD users. That's not for you. Anyway, you have to have, I want to tell you this, your confirmation number is of course the HPT 105 9294 and the date is January the 26, 2024. Okay. And the number to call for customer service is 1-866-230-2513. Let me repeat that. That number is 1-866-230-2513. And my number of course is 844-981-1407. My extension is 4-012. Feel free to call me anytime or anything. Okay. I certainly appreciate your business. Is there anything else I can assist you with today? I know you will. I know you want to. My pleasure, my pleasure. Now before I let you go, I want you to talk to my quality team. They're going to ask you some questions about how you feel, everything went and asked you questions about me and you can be nice. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Excellent. Well, thank you. You're so nice. You need to say that. I love it. What do you think I was born? I was born in 1959. You were born in 1962. So you're a crumb snatch. All right. Well, hold on. I'm going to get you over there. Okay. Hold on. Good afternoon, ma'am. How are you today? Oh, I'll be blessed when it hits 530. Gonna start the weekend. So my name is Christopher. And I'm a member of the customer care team. I do want to remind you this calls recorded for quality and training purposes. Today we're going to be doing your health and resource assessment and your enrollment verification. And we're going to get this started by confirming that you chose to enroll into the well-cared dual liberty plan with the start date of February 1st. Is that correct? All right. I want to confirm that your agent was Mr. Livingston. Is that correct? Yes, ma'am. Did Mr. Livingston verify your doctors and prescriptions to make sure everything would be covered by your plan? Good. And did he leave you with his contact information so you can reach out to him again in the future if you need to? Good. We want to confirm that we have your permission to reach out by phone. Should we have any need to follow up by saying, yes, you're confirming that you agree and consent for our company to contact you with phone calls, voice, emails and text messages containing information about our products and services. We may use an auto dialer or pre-recorded message for these communications and you're not required to consent to make a purchase of this plan. You're agreeing to receive these communications at this number. You use the numbers on a do not call list. May we have permission to reach out to you by phone? Thank you. Next we're going to move to the health and resource assessment. Health and resource assessment has been designed by well care to help maximize the resource you get from your plan. It's going to help them find care programs and other benefits you may qualify for. And we're going to start off by discussing your health. How would you rate your health? Excellent. Very good. Good. Very report. What health conditions do you currently have? Any transportation issues? Do you have a lawful transportation? Do you have a steady place to live? All right. Do you feel safe in your home and around all the people in your life? Okay. In the last year, have you worried about your food running up before you had money to buy more? No, it's just an occasional thing or frequent thing. Okay. Okay. All right. Have you had any depression in the past two weeks? All right. Are you able to take care of yourself by yourself? Okay. All right. Do you need help with anything like shopping, food preparation, using the telephone, housekeeping? Or are you able to take care of yourself? Okay. All right. Do you have a living well-learned administrative? All right. And do you have anybody with power of attorney? Does it speak for you if you ever are unable to take care of yourself? Okay. Any pain in the last month? Okay. Let's scale it one to ten. How bad is your arthritis? Okay. All right. Any fault on the last year? All right. Are you up to date on all your vaccinations? Okay. Well, it was the last time you saw dentists. All right. Okay. Do you smoke or drink? Okay. How would you like to care team to contact you in the future? Phone call, messaging, video call or email. All right. Now that you've selected your plan and done the assessment, I want to inform you that you live in an area that's covered by value-based care companies. One of these companies is Oak Street Health. Have you heard of them before? Oak Street Health. Oak Street Health is a medical company that takes care of senior citizens. They specialize in people like you that are on Medicare. And they were wanting to know if they should reach out to you in the next couple days to tell you about the services they offer like. In facility pharmacy, short wait times, same day and next day appointment. I don't know if you've been to the doctor recently, but setting up an appointment usually takes a couple months. Would you like someone to reach out to you and let you know about the stuff they can do for you? All right. Now they're going to tell you about that stuff in their primary care services. There's no commitment to anything. They're just telling you. Okay. Yeah. They're just, that's fine. They're just going to tell you about the stuff that they can do for you. All right. So I'm going to set that up and that's it. You're done. We thank you for enrolled with us today and do not hesitate to reach out to your agent. If you have any questions about your new plan or benefits, you have a great day, ma'am. Bye-bye. All right.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Yes, yes, and I want the whole thing the whole money, okay, yeah, okay, yeah, the help me out over here by myself, okay. Yeah. Yes, Bruno Martin, a 13 1962. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, a 13 1962. Female. Okay. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Okay, but they're going to take that from my disability check. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes. Yes, he did. He did a great job. Now that. Yes, he did. Yes, he did. Yes, he did. Yes, he did. Yes, he did. Yes, he did. Yes, he did. Yes, he did. Yes, he did. Yes, he did.