Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling well care. This is Julio Garcia and who'd other players begin with? Oh, perfect. I could definitely help out. Thank you. How are you doing Miss Smith? This is Julio Garcia with well care. How are you? Don't be great. Thank you so much for asking. So from my understanding here, you do have Medicare and Medicaid. Is that correct? All right, and aside from that, do you currently have an average plan a supplement plan? Are you just on original Medicare? Okay, perfect. Do you have that, do you have that card handy? Do you have a member ID number? I could look into that for you. Get you some benefits today. Yeah, yes. Yeah. So I can look up your, your Medicare and then we can get you some benefits today. All right. I could look it up another way. What's your first name? I could look it up another way. What's your first name? Silvia and then last name Smith and then what's your date of birth? 10, 20, 1978 and then what's your social four nine five zero five six three eight four. I'm sorry. I can't really hear you break it. It's breaking up really bad. I can't really hear you. I'm sorry about that. Okay, one second here. All right, we are miss of your Smith. Okay, yeah, I'm definitely going to be able to help you. I'll get you some benefits. Are you still at the 2608 call any place? Okay. All right, let me just play a recording for you real quick. I'm going to do a little research here. Get your Medicaid information and all that good stuff. And then when I come back, I'm going to have some good news for you. Okay. All right, I hope once again, Wednesday, January, 34th, 2000, 24. Sure, this call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services free of charge are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number. Even if it is on the do not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the do not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpon.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare Supplements, Prescription Drug Plans, Dental, Vision or any Ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident and hospital coverage. Thank you for your patience on that, ma'am. Do you understand the agree to the statements played for you there? Alright, excellent. So I was able to verify your Medicaid and everything looks good, everything checks out. You have a level called Q&B plus, which means because of that you qualify for what's called a dual special needs plan, which means the also means that you're fully cost your protector. So all your co-pays are always going to be $0 across the board and you'll be able to get all these extra benefits that I'm going to present to you here in a second. The first thing I want to look into here is do you have a primary care doctor? Okay, I'll find you one. That's not a problem at all. Alright, so let me go over the benefits here. So like I said, because of your Medicaid, you qualify for what's called a dual special needs plan. So all your co-pays and everything are going to be $0. So your monthly premium plan is $0, ambulance services, $0, doctor office visits, $0, specialist visits, $0, emergency care, $0, fitness, $0. You can set up for a gym, no cost to you, and patient hospital care is your $0 for up to nine days per admission. So you can go if you get hospitalized, you'll cover you at 100% there. How patient service and surgery is your other co-pays, both for surgery and on surgery. You also will get $500 a year for vision. So you can get a routine eye exam, contact glasses, lenses and frames. And you get a $500 allowance, unlimited contact glasses as long as you have the allowance available. You also will get $180 every month on what's called the well care spendable car. And when you can use that $180 for, you can use it to buy healthy groceries, you can use it to pay a bill like a foam bill, a cable, things like that, utility bill. You can use it for rent assistance, you can use it to pay for gas at the pump for your car, you can use it for dental vision and hearing as well. And you can also use it for over the counter things in case you need to buy vitamins, supplements, things like that. Now the other benefit I want to go over was a dental cover because this plan also has dental coverage. At a dental benefits on the plan include coverage of preventive and comprehensive services including, but not limited to cleaning x-rays or exams, flow rate treatments, fillings, dentures, bridge, crown and a root canal with the $0 member copay. So you can even get implants with this plan, dentures if you wanted to, things like that, I know cost to you. How does that sound? Thank you. Thank you. I'll be able to assist you here, get you this plan here, get you taken care of, so you get these extra benefits. So let's start here first with, let me find you a doctor that's going to be the first step here. All right, let me see here. All right, let's see. You prefer male or female or it doesn't matter. Perfect. All right, so let me once again. All right, so I got a doctor Jacqueline Lopez Ruiz, she's at 941 North 14th Street, Leesburg, Florida, so she's not too far from you. And we'll assign her as your primary care doctor. Next thing here is, are you taking any prescriptions? Okay, what pharmacy do you use? Well, okay, I want prescriptions are you currently taking? I'm sorry, how many milligrams is Leesartian? That's the centipro, 20 milligrams and you take that once a day. Perfect. Perfect. Okay. What is on call? Just buy it for me, please. Okay, perfect. How many milligrams? Perfect. Okay. 20 milligrams once a day, perfect. What is it called? Spell it for me, please. And how many milligrams is it? Okay. Anything else? Okay. Okay. All right, perfect. Anything else? Okay. Perfect. Okay. So are your prescriptions are covered 100% no cost to you? There are two ones, so you don't have to worry about coming out of pocket for any of those medicines. Okay. Plans are going to cover all that for you. Yeah, no problem. Okay. Let me just fill out some information here and then I'm going to send you a text message to your phone to fill out the application. It takes about five minutes and I'll walk you through the entire thing. Okay. How's your day going by the way? You having a good day today? That's why I like to eat. Yeah, I'm having a pretty good day as well. Thank you so much for asking. Okay. All right. I'm almost done here and then I'll send you over that link, okay? All right. So I just sent that link to your phone. Let me know when you receive that. Got it? All right. Click on that link. It should open up your web browser and it should say clear match. And then it should say, well, care, do a liberty. Let me know when you're at that page. All right. And then scroll down to where it says my information. Just scroll all the way down to it says next step. But just make sure you verify everything. Make sure everything is correct. Your first thing, last thing, date of birth, address, all that stuff. Okay. So if all that is correct, hit next step. Let me know when you're on the next step. All right. What do you see in front of you now? What do you see in front of you now? What page are you on? Did you click? All right. Click it. All right. Good. Okay. Perfect. All right. So scroll all the way down to where it says my doctor, my primary doctor. Let me know when you're there. All right. So where it says, are you already a patient? Hit no there. And then under that, it says my current coverage. Hit no. No for both of those. And then let me know when you did that. All right. Go down to where it says how I want to pay my monthly payment. This is a zero dollar plan because you have Medicare Medicaid. Hit coupon book at the bottom. And then click next step. Let me know when you're on the next step. All right. So there you should see your phone number, correct? All right. So then where it says preferred language. Look for English. Click link English. Do you want to receive your information in a large print? It's going to come in the mail. But you can either receive it in large print or regular print. How would you prefer it? It's going to come in the mail. All right. So just skip over accessible format. And then under that, where it says what's your race? Click on that. It's going to drop down a bunch of different races. Select the one that applies to you. Once you've selected the one that applies to you, just click outside of that box. And then it'll close down that box. All right. The next one is going to be are you Hispanic or Latino? If you're not, the first option is for you. If you are, select the ones that apply. And then just click outside of the box once again. Once you've done that. All right. Go down to where it says my plan information. Inside that gray box is important information statements. You can scroll through there, feel free to read that if you want. Once you've reviewed that, just click on where it says I acknowledge that I have read. And then once you click that box, let me know. Good? All right. All right. Perfect. Go down to where it says my signature. Just make sure your first name, last name and today's date is accurate. If all that is accurate, click on that box and then submit the application. Perfect. All right. Give me one second here. All right. So that concludes the application process. You're all set up now. So within seven to ten business days, you should receive everything in the mail. You're welcome packing your new cards. And then February 1st, which is tomorrow, everything will go into effect. And then you'll be all good to go. Okay. Starting tomorrow. All right. All right. So the last thing here is I just got to get you over to my verification team. They'll be able to finish up the last part here. It takes about five minutes and then you'll be all set up. Before I get over, get you over to the enrollment team. Do you have any other questions for me? All right. Just hold for one second. It was my pleasure helping you out today, Ms. Smith. Just be on the lookout for the mail. It's going to come within seven to ten business days, new cards. And then you get that 180. It's going to come in the mail. It's going to say, well, care spendable. Make sure you use that. You get 180 every month. If you don't use it, it does roll over, though. So don't think that if you don't use it, you're going to lose it. So you get 180 every month. And then you can use that for groceries, utility bill, things like that. All right. All right. Hold for one second. Good afternoon, Ms. Smith. How are you today? I'm hanging in there. So my name is Christopher. I am a member of the customer care team here. I do want to remind you this calls recorded for quality and training purposes. Today, we're going to be doing your enrollment verification and your health and resource assessment. And we're going to start off by confirming that you chose to enroll into the World Care Dual Liberty Plan. It has a start date of it very first. And a monthly premium of zero, is that correct? I want to confirm that your agent was Jose Garcia. Is that right? Did Mr. Garcia, sorry, Jalil Garcia. Did Mr. Garcia verify your doctors and prescriptions to make sure everything will be covered by your plan? And did he leave you with a way to contact you in case you need to reach out to him again in the future? Did he give you his phone number? Okay. Okay. I will get that phone number for you in just one moment. All right. I'm going to pull them up with my director right now. Okay. Mr. Garcia's phone number is 844-9844-981-1407. Extension 438. Yes, ma'am. Next, you're going to move to the Health and Resource Assessment. Now, this is a final step in your own process and it's been designed by World Care to help maximize the resource you get from your plan. It's going to help them find care programs and other benefits you may qualify for. And we're going to start off by getting to know you a little bit better. How would you rate your health? Excellent. Very good. Good. Bear or four? Okay. All right. Very good. What else conditions do you currently have? Okay. All right. Okay. All right. As transportation assistance has been needed in the past year. Yes, ma'am. Okay. All right. Do you have a steady place to live? All right. Do you feel safe in your home and around all the people in your life? All right. In the past 12 months, as your food ran out before you have money to buy more? All right. Have you had any loss of interest or pleasure in doing things that you normally enjoy in the past two weeks? Okay. All right. Okay. Any depression in the past month? Okay. All right. Are you able to take care of yourself by yourself? Do you have a living well and a best directive or someone with power returning for when you get sick? Okay. Would you like to discuss this with somebody in the future? Okay. Have you had any pain in the last week? Okay. All right. How many falls have you had in the past year? Okay. What vaccination have you had? Okay. What was the last time you saw dentists? Okay. How long would you say it's been? Okay. Do you drink? Okay. How often in the past year did you have five or more drinks in a single day? Okay. All right. You smoke? Okay. How would you like well care to contact you in the future? Phone call, messaging, video call, or email. Email? Okay. All right. That was our last question. We want to thank you for rolling with us today. And do not hesitate to reach out to your agent Miss Garcia if you have any questions in the future. And you have a great day. Thank you. You take care. Bye-bye. Thank you.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Yes, this is Dee with Qualify Medicare, and I've got Ms. Smith on the line. zip code is 34748, date of birth is 102078, she does have Medicare A and D, and we'd like to do a review and also check savings and benefits, and she also has Medicaid. Okay, Ms. Smith, honey, this agent will take good care of you, and I hope that you all have a great rest of the week. So now, you can say, I'm good and how are you, sir? I'm not really sure, sir, all I know is that it's a red new blue card with the hospital card OMB. I have the card of the further week. No, sir, I don't have it in the further week. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, so the next 102078, yes, sir, I'm not fine, zero five, six, three, four, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, Okay, I am Sir Walmart, but what is my background? Let's start. Let me go down. Okay, so this is number two. That's 20 milligrams. Yes, that's about once a day. The starting, 15 milligrams, once a day. I tried to record the volume, 15 milligrams, once a day. As some of you, 5 milligrams, once a day. I don't know how I can pronounce it. It's 8-M-L-O-D-I-P-I-E-N-E. 5 milligrams, once a day. And last thing. I'm number two. 20 milligrams. What's today? I saw a mammogram. 100 milligrams. Twice a day. Mammograms, A-L-M-O-T-D-R-I-N-G-E-N-100 milligrams. Twice a day. This is the number one. That's 15 milligrams. And that's only taken at night. That's it. That's all my notes. That's it. Okay, that's no problem. I'm having a good week. It's been a nice thing. What about you? You're very uncomfortable. Get out of here. What about you? You know what you did. What? Taking the RNP. What? The RNP. All right. I think you need the little RNP. I know. I heard you. Okay, that's no problem. Okay. That's her. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. And I'm on the page now. Yes, sir. I'm on the next step. Oh, it says next step. And I'm clicking. And then it's telling me. Yes, it's telling me. Number number. I'm right there, sir. I do it. I'm on the next step. I do. I want to receive it by email. Write me a print. Okay. I did it. Yes, I clicked. I clicked. Yes, sir. No, sir. Yes, sir. I'm going to start how are you? I know. That is correct, sir. That is correct, sir. Yes, he did, sir. Yes, he. Oh, crap. No. I'm so sorry. No, he didn't. Okay, hold on. Let me write this in. Is that number, sir? Yes, sir. 11407. Got it. Pitch 2. 4438. Got it. Very good. I have part of my pressure. I also have um, it's already depression. And I think the doctor said I'm bipolar. I have transportation assistance. I need it. I get to what I need to go pretty well. I do. I do. No. My sleep I didn't. I felt very no energy. No, I'm sorry, not last week. It was a few weeks ago. Sorry. I had no energy to do anything. No. I am. I don't have a living room yet. Yes, I was. No. None. Only COVID and that hasn't been recently. Oh, that's been a while. A year. Only socially. I don't get migraines. I do not. You know, you too, Sam. You too. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't