Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling well care. This is Winston. How can I help you? Okay, thank you. Thank you so much. Good morning, my name is Winston. Okay. So you zip code is 41015. Okay. Okay, thank you. Just one second. This call is being monitored and recorded for training purposes we do not offer every plan available in your area. Okay, so you have Medicare with AMB and also Medicaid. Okay, excellent. That is good. Let me see what we have available. How much are you receiving on your OTC card from Anthem? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Let me see if I can give you something better than that. Okay, I can get you up to 175 a month for the same, yes, for the same groceries, this is well care. Yes, well care. And let me see. How do you spell your first and last name? Thank you. Okay. Do you pay any copies when you see your doctor or the hospital? Hmm. Okay. If you have full Medicaid with well care, you will pay no copies. Oh. Okay. Okay. Okay. So I will need to then to verify your Medicaid and your Medicare to see what's going on with that. Okay. And also. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yes. And before that, I have to play you an audio. After this audio, I will have your authorization. Okay. So let me play now, please don't hang up. Wednesday, January, 31st, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message, even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpon.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. Okay, thank you for your patience. Do you agree to that? Okay, thank you. What is your social? Okay, 40137-27 and the last four. Thank you. Okay, I didn't quite get your last name. Can you spell it for me again? Okay. Okay, thank you. Okay, let me, I see now your Medicare information. Let me now check your Medicaid. What's going on with it? Okay. Let me see that. Yes, your Medicaid is now partial Medicaid. Uh-huh. Yes, go ahead. Yes, it doesn't count. It doesn't count what your expenses are. They go by your income, by your gross income. Let me see if you still qualify for the money that I told you. Okay, okay, do you want access? Okay, uh, you qualify for $126 every month, but then you don't have to pay for your specialist. All the other copies are $0.5 and all of your prescriptions are also $0. Okay, yes. Okay, and let me check your neurologist. What is his or her name? Okay, can you spell the name of your doctor? Okay, do you have the phone number? Okay, yes. Yes, uh, okay. Yes, she is in network so you don't have to pay copies when you see her, check this. How often do you see this actor? Okay, and who is your primary doctor? Okay, F-C-H-E-O-R, okay, and let me see here. And their first name, Mark. Okay, this doctor is also in network, meaning you don't have to pay any copies. Yes, one moment. Do you see any other doctor? Okay, and what's the name of this doctor? What's the name of the doctor? Okay, not a problem. Okay, this is 0-0-3. Okay, is it 42 of Florence or Florence? Okay, okay, that is total care, chiropractic. Okay, thank you. Yes, this doctor, this chiropractor clinic is also in network, so you don't have to pay copies for this as well. Okay, yes, you get an allowance, let me give you how much you get. For dental, you get an allowance of up to $3,000 for your dental care, okay, I'd say it'll pay to you. Okay, and when you see your doctors, your specialists, you pay non-copainments, the chiropractor, I'll miss you here. Okay, you, yes. Yes, you get 12 visits, per year at $0.00 in addition to the medical, what Medicare covers, so you should get a double that amount of visits every year. Okay, so you don't have to worry about copies. Yes, is there any other benefit of your paying copies now? Okay, and yes, it's the same here. It's the same here, the plan costs you nothing. There is no deductibles, no deductible for, yes, this is well care. And the ambulance, acupuncture, teladog, home health, home support services, the ambulance, the ambulatory surgery center, the diabetes self-management training, diabetes supplies, shoes, or inserts, lab services, imaging, all those chiroloids who pay to you, primary doctor, specialist, durable medical equipment, emergency room, gym membership, all those chirocopies, okay, for hearing aids, you get up to $3,000 for hearing aids. Okay, so that is $3,000 for hearing aids and home health care, a $0.00 copy, if you need a doctor or a nurse to come to the house, most immunizations at Cirocopy for hospitalizations, you pay 0, for up to 90 days per admission at Cirocopy, okay, for mental health hospitalizations, it's also $0.00 copy, per stay, if you qualify, you are eligible to receive meals in your house to improve your health at Cirocopy, for outpatient mental health care, you pay 0, outpatient rehabilitation services, you pay 0, for cardiac pulmonary occupational physical and speech and language therapy, outpatient services and surgery, you pay $0.00 copy and $0.00 copy for colonoscopy, outpatient substance abuse disorder treatment at $0.00 copy, the food doctor, that is the poliatry, that is $0.00 copy for up to six visits every year, most educational programs for preventive services are $0.00 copy, prosthetic devices, dialysis, $0.00 copy, nursing homes, you get up to 100 days at $0.00 copy, and transportation, you get car service, 61-way trips every year at Cirocopy, for urgent care, clinic is $0.00 copy, and for your friends, glasses, lenses, or contacts, you get an allowance of up to 300 for all of that, okay, okay so would you like to apply for this program, okay, now I need to check your prescriptions, leave it or, what is your pharmacy, tell me, can you spell it for me, okay, tell or me, okay, tell or me pharmacy, okay, tell or me, that tell or me is the same as Cherokee drug, okay, okay, okay, yes, independence, so you take, you take prosak, okay, how many milligrams to a day, thank you, and I take lipitor, okay, okay, don't worry, how many milligrams do you take on that one, okay, no, don't worry, I'll take this, and that will be once a day, okay, that is also, that also has a genetic atervastatin, okay, the other one that you mentioned, yes, I have that, okay, that is over the counter, okay, any other medications, okay, okay, excellent, okay, let me explain you something that even if it even though it doesn't apply to you but it is good for you to know that there are three different stages in prescription copayments, the first one is the initial coverage that goes from, from the first dollar is spent on medication until $5,000 and $30 on prescriptions, on total prescription drug cost, and then, then comes the donut hole or coverage gap, where where you pay a percentage of the cost of the medication until you hit $8,000, then comes the catastrophic coverage where you pay zero for all of your prescriptions for the rest of the year, okay, it doesn't apply to you because you have Medicaid and extra help, okay, but it is good for you to know because if you lose your Medicaid or if you lose your extra help, then this will apply to you, okay, let me see something else right here, okay, let me, okay, that will be in a couple of minutes that you will have to cut off the phone call, okay, okay, just to let you know, we will be replacing your anthem, okay, and I will send you a link to your phone, okay, I will do all the paperwork here and I will send you a link, when you open it and you have time call me or you can complete the signature yourself, okay, it's self-explanatory and it is very simple to follow, okay, just, yes, just to confirm your home address, okay, okay, the name of the street is Sharon Drive, okay, do you have a different mailing address, it's all the same, okay, excellent, any email address, okay, I have W1NINER1919, okay, okay, I'll call you in half an hour, if not you call me, you call me back, you don't have my number, can you write it down real quick, okay, not a problem, thank you, okay, bye, okay, bye,

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  You Carter. Yes, you Winston. Sorry, but qualify Medicare. I'm Mr. Carter Gray on the line with us today at a Kentucky zip code is 4-1 0-1-5 State of birth is November 21st of 1972 He's on Medicare A and B Medicaid and he does have a Medicare advantage plane with Anthem He is wanting the best plan with the most allowances and upgrades for the new year I was hoping you go over a plan review and help Carter out say You're welcome. You gentlemen have a blessed third. I wouldn't say 0-1-5. Yeah, yellow mill. Yes. Yes Thank God I'm 25 is for you till these Like a heart for food healthy food. I don't know they give me mixed up. Okay Humana Was it you meant? Well care. Okay Carter C-A-R-T-E-R You're gonna put a W for this quarter-wing Gray G-R-A-Y I would dance on my head to pay. I've seen my neurologist. I had to pay 40 bucks or something like that See I had Well, I had full Medicare Medicaid my level dropped down a little bit because I got a like 50 cent raise for my job. I worked 20 hours a week So I don't know what it actually is Something stupid I had humana before and it did the same thing covered everything and they keep changing shit Mixed see I got a brain injury and they called me all the time I get mixed up That I've said yes the stuff and it realized You know, I'm saying they try to get you changed because they get something out of that I guess I don't know Yeah with my social I Can't give you a number because I'm driving My Medicare or Medicaid number if I give you my social would you be able to pull it up that way? That's fine. Okay. Okay Yes Was there a one two seven six nine six eight Two seven six nine six eight Gray g-r-8 gray g-r-a-y G-n-go Or rabbit A and Adam and why in young Oh or stand my chains. I'm paying like seven hundred dollars for it. So my expenses went up I don't see how because sorry I I don't see how I just got a little bit of a raise And I only worked I can only work 20 hours my rent and utilities and everything's went up It's not understand So you can live on the street. Yeah, let's do it Yeah, a lot of them I have it then Let's put some of the off Be better off. I was born Just aggravated Okay The I pay nothing right now Patterson edgwood P P-A-T-T-I-N S-O-N Or Patterson Lindsay Thing Elizabeth I don't have all my cards on me I'm looking for it. I'd normally do but I Yeah, it's P-A-T-T-I-S-O-N Lindsay is the first name 2670 Chancellor Drogh Press few hills Kentucky Once a year for check-up I don't know how you don't have a card as like S-S-C-H-E-O-R He's on 6th Street in Newport, Kentucky Mark A. Sure Yes 6th Street, Newport, Kentucky Mark Yeah, I go to a chiropractor I'm 42 It's neck back and pain 42 floors, Kentucky I don't I don't know it's just a bunch of elements of chiropractor It's neck back and pain center Floors, Kentucky Yeah, 42 floors, Kentucky is We're to office is that Yes Floors, F-L-O-R-E-N-C-E Yes Okay That's all my doctors. I don't have a dentist yet So I need to get a crown and stuff. I need to find a decent one The dental pretty good Okay Cool Okay, good I pay nothing now, but I did before Yeah, yeah, I just go once a month now Get adjusted. I've been going low enough to where everything's pretty well Working Yeah, cool No I have it Psychology or anything like that mental health ain't done nothing in a while It'd be the only thing Does this well care Cool Well my hearing mind's good right now so that's Washington They were better redskins If it's not working Yeah Okay, cool Okay Okay, yes, I don't have a more me now. I know once Prozac and once Lipis lipisill Or cholesterol and Atavastort Yeah, not libator Uh What's that called tell a male drug shop Independence Kentucky Drugs Yeah, T-A-Y-L-O-R M-I-L-L Independence Kentucky It might be Independence Kentucky N-I-N-D-E-P-N-D-N-C Kentucky It's on 16 It is tell a male Okay Yeah, drug shop I've worked at Cherokee I-G-A back in the day I used to work at I-G-A when it was there Yeah Ella UK stuff too Yes That's it It was all Cherokee at one time. It's everything's changed But that's what it is Cherokee drugs This is it's been called a drug shop whatever it's different things I think that's it It says independence in the tell a male I'm this from a Yeah 40 I take two a day Yeah, I don't think it's libator, but it's L-I-N-S-R-W-N I don't have my I'm not at home It'll be better you give me a call back like Or do it tomorrow morning I don't have my way to I like five. I'm not sure You failed to get all that from the drug store really Yeah Yeah, that's it A tour of a statin And I take it vitamin D Yeah I take Multi vitamin and vitamin D, but no, but you're over to counter. I've been paying for them. It's not covered But that's it Yes Okay, I'm going to have to get off here in a second and get my hair cut. Yeah, you call me back like it in half hour. Okay, I'll do it here. Okay, I'm going to get my hair cut. Now it's all the same, part of 2019. Yeah, lowercase W, the number one, the NINER19 at gmail.com. Yeah, one nine at gmail.com. Okay, yes. Okay, okay, I can't, I'm in the chair now, just call me back. Okay, okay. Okay, okay, okay.