Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  My name is Shae Unixen and I'm well-care Medicare. This call will be required for quality and training purposes. Who's got a pleasure of assisting you? Okay, and I'll be glad to assist you with that. Do you currently have Medicare at part and part B? I'll send. I'll show as well. Do you currently have individual coverage? Employee at coverage? Our retirement coverage. Okay, so you don't have an advantage plan? Okay. And I'll be glad to assist you. My name is Shae Unixen and I'll be your license advisor going forward. Also, we do not offer our new plan available in your area. I do just want to confirm some information with you. Could you verify your zip code for me please? Verify your county. I said, I wish your first thing in your last name. Awesome. Nice to meet you. Do you want me to call you a Ponce? Or do you prefer me to call you by your first name? Hilbert. Okay. Okay. Well, nice to meet you. Yes, sir. Nice to meet you, Mr. Ponce. I just want to ask you a couple of more questions so I can better understand your needs. I'm currently right now. Do you receive any Medicaid or any extra help? Okay. Awesome. And how often do you see a doctor? Okay. And do you see any specialism, Mr. Ponce? Okay. Sorry, but I'm sorry that you're U.S. Ferris. And how do you get back and forth to your doctors? How do you get back and forth to your doctors? Okay. And do you wear any glasses? Okay. And do you wear any glasses, Mr. Aponte? Awesome. And do you take any prescriptions? Okay. And how much are you paying for those prescriptions? What are the code pays line? Okay. And do you have track care for life? Do you have track care for life? Or do you just have regular VA coverage? Awesome. And before I review your additional benefits to centers for Medicare and Medicaid services require that I review some disclosures with you. I am going to put a brief disclaimer, Mr. Aponte, whether it's disclaimer or spam plate. I am going to be looking into your area of regard and allowance. Also, some additional benefits she may be entitled to receive, okay? Yes. One moment, please. Wednesday, January 31st, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information, unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan-slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan-slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare Advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto-dial or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-9780-969 or emailing us at privacy at hpon.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare Supplements, Prescription Drug Plans, Dental, Vision, or any Ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. Hello, my name... I'm so sorry. Do you understand or agree to the disclaimer I played about calls and sets to sit at this number, Mr. Aponte? Okay, Austin. Outside, do you see we have some things available for you in your area? Also, I just want to verify some things with you. Do you currently have your red, white, and blue Medicare card handy? Okay, do you know where you can find it at? Yes, I'm still here. Yes, I met Mr. Aponte. Yes, it got letters and numbers. Before you... One moment. So before you give it to Mr. Aponte, before you give me the Medicare number, I am going to reach your prestatement. You are under no obligation to enroll, but I wouldn't use your consent to this statement before I proceed in with the plan presentation. It is important that the information provided is correct to the best of your knowledge. And then attempt to avoid delays in front enrollment application being processed. We would like to verify your information with CMS prior to your enrollment submission. Do we have your consent to complete this verification? Please note that during this validation. CMS may provide additional details to grant eligibility. Which could assist your licensed health agent with choosing a plan that best wishes your needs? Do you give consent for this verification? Mr. Aponte? Awesome. And what's that Medicare number? That was the number four. Thank you. Thank you. I just burnt with just a moment. Please. Okay. So I just want to repeat that back to you. Just to make sure I heard you correctly. That's four. J is in jack. K is in tight. R is in Rita. She is in George. Zero. M is in Mary. C is in Charlie. Eight. Two. Okay. That's not correct. Do you want to try repeating that again? Okay. I see what the problem was. Okay. Thank you. One moment. Please. Okay. And verify your screen address for me, please. You said four, four, six. Yes. Yes. I have it. Thank you. Just one moment. Okay. I'll let's see here. And do you use the VA for like your doctor appointments and things like that? I know you use it for your prescriptions, but do you use it for? Okay. Awesome. That's awesome. Okay. And let's see here. How do you see that you're used to receive extra help to as well? Just bear it with just a moment here. And do you travel often? Okay. So here. I know you call out there because you're most definitely interested in the spin and allowance. How do you have some great news for you? And just bear it with just a moment here, please. And do you have any upcoming dental procedures? Awesome. You need to. You need to. Okay. Say you need some dental work. It's interesting. I definitely understand you get nervous and everything else. I have got up and walked out of my seat before. They can't engage some anesthesia to pull up my teeth and. Yeah. I didn't go so good. I didn't go so good. But yeah. I totally get it. Yes. It drives you crazy. It's like your anxiety just be all over the place. Let's see. So I do have something that you know. That is available for you. I think it will work well. You currently use the VA for everything, which is a great thing. What I am about to tell you is everything I'm about to go over with you. You know, it will be good for you just to use it for the benefits of it. When I'm back to go over. And you continue to use the VA coverage for everything for our network to receive everything you've been previously already doing. And just use this plan. You know, of course, for the benefits. Now, this is a well care give back open ppo plan, which means I just travel states to state with you. So say, for instance, you travel to a different state and the VA was a little bit too far for you. Then you know, you can use this plan for it because it's a ppo doesn't require prior authorization or referrals, which is a great thing. So if any event that the VA was a little bit too far, you can actually use this plan and state and you know, get any services that use that you need, of course. Now also because this is a good back plan, this is giving you back $77 for your part B premium each month. So that's put in 924 dollars into your pockets for the year. So that's put getting put back into your social security. Because right now, the part B premium is $174 and I know that's coming out of your social security. Well, if you take this plan, it's going to be $77. Minus the $174. So that means that, you know, you want to see that huge chunk of change coming out each month. It'll be an addition to your part into your social security check. Now also as well, primary doctors is zero dollars for you. If you were to use it, I said this comes with Donald for you and just bear it in just a moment. And I said this includes comprehension services for you far as dental and I say you need some things done for the dental. Now, it's no, there's no limitation on a dental coverage which is which is a great thing. And this also includes preventative services for you. Also in the event you need to hearing aids is $700 total for your ears. Now vision coverage is included $100. Although, you know, you said you don't wear any glasses, but it's still there for you in the event you ever needed it. Crab private services is included for you preventative services to wellness education programs is included. So this car was staying sector angle wellness visits, flu shots, hepatitis B shots, COVID 19 shots. Mr. Aponte prostate cancer screen and stains of that nature for no cause. I said this includes inpatient hospital coverage emergency care, diagnosis such as raising up services, ambulance services, usually need to care skill nurse and facility God forbid home health care and event you were ever homebound. Also pediatry service as far as foot care is included. Ruin on dialysis, durable medical equipment, diabetes, of course, prescription drug coverage is included. I do suggest that you continue to, you know, use the VA for your prescriptions, of course, and just use it for the benefits. You can use this plan for the things like a course of getting the money put back and see your social security, use it for a vision, use it for a dental, use it for hearing, you know, use it for the things, you know, that's very beneficial to you. And of course, continue using the VA for everything goes. Do you have a civilian doctor? Okay, so what we're going to do is you're going to continue to see your doctor's at the VA. But in order to get you enrolled into this plan, we are going to just, you know, put a civilian doctor in for you. You do not have to go to the civilian doctor, but it does have to be on the plan to get you enrolled, okay? Are you with me, semester, if I say? Yes. Okay, awesome. And do you prefer a male or female doctor? Yes. Okay, awesome. And although I know you're going to continue to use the VA coach, I still want to give you this doctor name so you're aware. Do you have a pen and paper handings? Yes. Okay, awesome. Her name is Ms. Patricia. Ms. Patricia. Let me know when she ready to talk about her last name for you. Okay, is M.E. R.S. and Rita. R.S. and Rita. Is M is in Mary. E is in. Yep. M is in Mary. E is in Edward. R.S. and Rita. R.S. and Rita. I is in Igloo. She is in town. She is in town. And then her address. So her first name is Patricia. It's okay. Her first name is Patricia. And let me know if you have that now. How last name is Mary? M is in Mary. M is in Mary. E is in Edward. R is in Rita. R is in Rita. Yes. You want me to start over? Okay. Her last name is M is in Mary. E is in Edward. R is in Rita. R is in Rita. I is in Igloo. She is in town. She is in town. Yes, sir. Yep. Two keys. Okay. Now the address is let me know it's ready for it. It's thirty forty, and then it's Broadway, and that's it. I want to give you their phone number. Let me know if you're ready. Yes. Phone number is five three. No, five one eight. I'm sorry. five one eight. Three five seven. Two zero. one one and that's a family practice too by the way now also I want you to take down my name and my number so you can always get in contact with me let me know what you're ready. S is in Sam, H is in Harry, Y is in Yellow, U is in Unicorn, N is in Nancy, I is in Igloo, Q is in Queen, U is in Unicorn, E is in Elephant, last name is Gibbons, GI, B is in Victor, E and S, yes Gibbons, yes okay also phone number is eight four four nine eight one one four zero seven extension number is 2221 no 2221 yes sir you can repeat that number back I want to make sure you can always get in contact with me mm-hmm what's the extension yep that's it yeah that's it awesome and also even I know you're gonna use the VA coverage in the civilian world if you had to which pharmacy would you go to mm-hmm and which hospital would you go to in civilian world in case of an emergency okay it's just very interesting okay which hospital is out there that you know of okay okay okay so you still of course can go to the VA I just have to have something to put here just bear it with just a moment please and of course like I mentioned earlier I want you to continue getting all of your coverage through the VA and only use this plan for it to benefit and to get that extra money back on your social security okay yes bear it with just a moment please and do you have a smartphone do you have an Android or iPhone awesome thank you so I am gonna go over the summer benefits with you after I go over the summer benefits with you we are gonna go ahead and get you enrolled into this plan everything will already be prepopulated for you why I am going through the summer benefits I do have to read everything verbatim to you I don't expect for you to retain all the information everything will be mailed to you again as I'm going through this plan you know that you're only using it for the additional benefits okay you'll continue to receive your coverage through the VA of course are you with me Mr. Apace awesome and let's see here just one moment okay so I'm gonna start going over everything right now everything's gonna be verbatim monthly plan premium as C-row dollars you must continue to pay your Medicare part B premium of course you're gonna get $77 back each month in your social security check which means that's put in an additional nine hundred and twenty four dollars into your pockets for the year there's plan does have a deductible of one hundred and eighty dollars for select select part B services maximum out of packer responsibility and network is eight thousand three hundred dollars out of network eleven thousand three hundred dollars now because you have that VA coverage I don't see you getting anywhere near good amount that number is put there for your procession any event or something tragically happening to you and you need to use all the services provided in the plan God forbid now in patient hospital coverage in network for each admission you pay four hundred and thirty dollar code pay per day for days one through four zero dollar code pay per day for days five through ninety out of network days one through ninety is a thirty percent college insurance when it comes to outpatient hospital coverage outpatient hospital services is your dollar coping for diagnostic colonoscopy twenty percent college insurance for outpatient surgical services four hundred dollar code pay for outpatient non-surgical services and who in an outpatient palliative care policy care is kind of in reference of the skill in nursing for long term care now out of network is a forty percent college insurance and also just know because this is a PPO plan and it travels you're gonna have in network costs and out of network costs is I'm not gonna go over and say each out of network costs is forty percent college insurance because that's exactly what it is but I'm not gonna you know say each time so just so you're aware that will be the out of pocket college insurance okay now outpatient hospital observation services and network one hundred dollar code pay for outpatient observation services we can get to observation status during emergency room twenty percent college insurance for outpatient observation services when you get to observation status during outpatient facility doesn't regard so I could skill in nursing facility if you were in the minute now ambulatory surgical center services and network is two hundred and fifty dollar coping when it comes to your primary care providers is zero dollars out of network twenty five dollar coping specials and network is fifty dollar coping also as well as this includes preventative care Mr. Apace so as I was born over earlier this kind of routine like the annual wellness visit prostate cancer screen and set the tightest these shots COVID-19 shots flu shots all at no cost to you also this includes emergency care copage one hundred dollars it's way the pyramid to hospital within twenty four hours it also includes where a white emergency coverage let's say Mr. Apace you are on the cruise God forbid but it's something happened the plan actually covers you up to fifty thousand dollars maximum plan coverage now there is a copayment amount of a hundred dollars I usually need a services for your other coping if you're admitted to a hospital within twenty four hours displayed for you I said this includes diagnosis services last in imaging zero dollar coping for all other labs fifty-dollar coping for genetic testing diagnosis test and procedures is zero dollar coping for each Medicare coverage pie metrics test and specified test related services for your other coping for all other Medicare covered diagnosis procedures and test outpatient and series of twenty five dollar coping diagnostic radiology service as far as MRIs and cancers zero dollar coping for a diagnostic mammogram which of course is for us ladies now for a hundred dollar coping for all other diagnostic radiology services received in the outpatient setting for all other services received in all other locations three hundred and fifty dollar coping therapeutic radiology is twenty percent college insurance here's a exam Medicare coverage included fifty dollar coping routine here in a exam is no cost to you you're entitled to one exam every year one fee evaluation every year and of course seven hundred dollars of course seven hundred dollar allowance per year for every year for hearing aids now this does cover all types of hearing aids that no cost to you and you are only limited to two hearing aids per year and burnt with just a moment dental services far as preventive services in network is zero dollars floor ride treatment one every year comprehensive services and that's no cost to you also just includes comprehensive services now in network fifty dollar coping for each Medicare covered service so what that means is exactly is let's say you went in for a diagnostic service non-repeating services those things of that nature you'll be required to pay fifty dollars for each visit if it's the comprehensive service but everything is no cost to you now when it comes to vision services i.e. exam Medicare covered is zero dollar coping for Medicare covered diet better for non-pathy screening fifty dollar coping for all other Medicare cover i.e. exams routine i.e. exams is one exam every year at no cost to you glaucoma screen is covered also as well i wear a Medicare covered and of course you know you get a hundred dollar allowance towards contact glasses lenses and frames every year at no cost got forbid but this also includes mental health services for each admission you three hundred and seven either how to cope pay per day for days one through five zero dollar cope per day for days just through 90 outpatient individual therapy visit and group therapy visit is twenty five dollar coping skilled nursing facility got forbid for each benefit period you pay zero dollar coping for days one through twenty two hundred and three dollar cope per day for days twenty one through seventy zero dollar cope per day for day seventy one through one hundred therapy far physical therapy and outpatient rehabilitation services provide by occupational therapists is forty dollar coping preliminary rehabilitation services is fifteen dollar coping and we are getting ready to wrap up our almost time ambulance far as ground ambulance and error ambulance is two hundred and seventy dollars also this includes prescription drug coverage now there is a deduct the deductible which is five hundred dollars for two is three four five now for tears one two and six is zero dollars of course contains who used to react to get your prescriptions now crack credit services also as well as covered is fifteen dollars coping now when it comes to acupuncture if it's receiving a PCP office is zero dollars crack credit office is fifteen dollars specialist is fifty dollars and when it comes to pedestrian services foot care in network is fifty dollar coping also just includes virtual visits mister apostate so let's say you didn't want to go to a hospital our agent care our doctor's office we have something called teledoc where you can use your smartphone thoughts of where to start at five doctors and you're accessible to you twenty four hours per day seven days per per week so address any health concerns or questions you may have also just includes home home health agency to an event you were homebound God forbid for an off-cost meal post-acute meals is included to follow an in-patient hospital's thing you're entitled to receive a maximum of three mils per day for up to four to ten days with a maximum of 42 mils per occurrence where I limit the number of occurrences per year durable medical equipment is included price status die better supplies die better therapeutic shoes are inserts for 20 percent common sharks also just includes opioid treatment programs serves just a fifty dollar coping also this includes wellness programs so if you want to participate at a health club our fitness center you can they cover the annual membership cost for you at no charge also you could select the fitness tracker cemetery apple smartwatch just a bit thinner helps you keep up with the date time and your heart rate as well additional sessions is smoking tobacco tobacco cessation counts when it's included for five visits every year at no cost to you as well as annual physical exam twenty four hour nurse advice line and that's zero dollars so you have any questions for me so far that was a lot of information on yeah I can't breathe yeah trust me yes and of course you know this is zero dollars and let's see here I am can't write send their enrollment link to your phone number and just where it was just the moment please and of course this would take effect February 1st 2024 so you're going to start sending that sort of security income of that 77 dollars back on your check okay and just where it was just the moment her please now as I mentioned air I'm earlier everything got already be pre-populated for you only thing will be going through just to verify the information is correct and it should briefly take us two to three minutes to complete okay and just one moment please okay and I have your phone number is five from an eight seven seven six seven zero nine six awesome so I just sent it to you it's going to come to your text messages let me know once you receive it please okay I'll let me know once you click the link

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Do you want to know if I qualified for the car? No, no, no, 1, 2, 3, or 6, it can hit the county. Healburn, HIL, the Indian, upon the APO and TE, is a matter, whichever is better for you. No, maybe once every two months or so. I got a few opponents now because I had a few opponents now close to each other because I had a little problem with my blockcloth, okay? Excuse me? I got an Uber or sometimes. Or I tell the police to stop me to take me over there. Yes. No hurry, I'm not paying for it. I got a fruit through the B.A. Excuse me? Just regular B.A. called. Yes. Yes. Yes. Not handy, but I think I got it. My... Yeah. What do you want? The Medicare health insurance number? Okay. Number four, letter J. Letter K. Yes. Yes. Letter J. Letter K. Number two. Letter R. Letter G. Number zero. Letter M. Letter C. A2. Yes. Number four, letter J. Letter K. Number two. Letter R. Letter G. Number zero. Letter M. Letter G. A2. Excuse me? Excuse me? Four, four, six. Hegemann Street. Sceneta, do you know your 1, 2, 3, or 6? Hegemann H-E-G-E-M-H-N. Yes. What? Everything? No. No. I need them, but I haven't... I'm afraid of the dentist. I don't like... I don't like to go there at all. No. No. No tomorrow. Yes. Okay. N-N-E. R-M-L-O-S. Okay. Okay. R-O-G-E-M-H. Here, come. I'll get some more later. I got my napkin in the room, please. Excuse me? Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Two, three. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Five. Five, one, eight. Two, five, seven. Two, zero. One, one. Okay. Okay. Ready. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. was one here, but there's one walking distance from here, so, and civilian, I don't know, whatever they take me, I guess. If it's an emergency, they could take me anywhere. About here the B.A. is the closest one, really. So, I want to go to the B.A. with the closest one anyway. They got really hard to put on too, but I don't know. Okay. Yes. Yes. No. Yes. I don't want to thank you. I can't help it, but I catch up. I get it. Yes. Okay. Yes. Okay. I catch up. I get it. Yes. Okay.