Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hi. This is Amber Dellinger. How are you? Okay, honey. Hi. Can you hear me now? All right. This is Amber Dellinger with Wellcare. I am just calling. I know that you had gotten approved for Medicaid. How is everything? Yes. So how is everything going? Okay. Good. And I'm glad for that. So what I was calling about is back in December, we had placed you into the Wellcare Assist open. But then you did in fact get into Medicaid again. So what I was calling exactly. So I was calling because you now qualify for a dual special needs plan. And I know that someone else may have contacted you and got you into a plan. Is that correct? Okay. So what I was going to say is that with you qualifying for the Medicaid Medicare, there is a plan in your area that will give you a hundred dollars every month for over the counter, the food, utilities, anything that you're needing. Gasoline also. Right. Oh my goodness. Well, this card can be used for rent as well. I can get you into this plan. It's a hundred dollars per month. Right. Right. So what I can do is I can get you enrolled into this plan. And it would start February 1st of 2024. Now give me just one moment and what we're going to do. Yes, sir. It does. Yes, it does have the silver sneakers. So it does have the fitness membership for zero dollars. They will pay a hundred percent of that. Yes. Oh my goodness. Yes. And I will help you with that. Give me just a moment. And what we're going to do. So what I do is I get you into the plan. And then once that plan starts, I can absolutely help you with silver sneakers. I can help you with the plans benefits. Absolutely. Okay. All right. Yes, sir. Right. Right. Yes, you do. Well, and especially just being released from the hunt. Yes. Well, I can enroll you into the plan. Absolutely. And then what we do, give me just a moment. Let me just get everything going and see if anything's changed since December. The last time we spoke, I had you taking Gabapentin 600 milligrams three times a day. Has your information changed on your medication? Okay. Perfect. And give me just a moment. And I'm going to put everything in here. And you now have the Medicaid. So I'm going to put that in. Now has your doctor changed at all? Okay. Perfect. Now do you still want me to have the address of 26 railroad avenues, sweet 104? Okay. Perfect. And that's your mailing address as well. Correct. Okay. Give me just a second. When I'm going to do, I'm going to make sure that Dr. Escalante is on your new card. And we're going to make sure that you get that money. The silver sneakers. Yes. So what I'm going to do. So once this plan starts on February 1st, that's when I can get all of the information for silver sneakers. Okay. So yes, I will make an appointment. And I will call you for that. Give me just a moment. Let me add your doctor. Give me just a moment. Yes. Absolutely. That sounds perfect. Because I do know there for a little bit, I wasn't able to get a hold of you. But I think it was. I know. That's exactly. That's right. I know. And that's horrible. Right. Right. Well, and I'm so sorry that you had to go through that though. And Dr. Escalante, let me know. Do you see them on Main Street, Old Country, or Jericho? Okay. Perfect. I wanted to make sure that that was the place. Give me just a second. Yes. All right. And we are going to put that there and give me just a moment. And everything will be emailed to your railroad avenue address. Okay. Let me put this in and give me just a second. I'm going to get your Medicaid number so that I can attach that to your profile. I will have it in about two seconds. And I appreciate you very much. How does your hair look? Yes. You go ahead. Okay, honey. Actually, you know what, Mr. Passmore, do you happen to have your Medicaid ID handy? Is it? Okay. Perfect. Okay. Is it? Can I clarify? Is it F like Frank? F like Frank? Okay. That's okay. Perfect. That's the one I have. I wanted to make sure that that was still correct. Thank you so very much. I appreciate you and let me put your Medicare number in here and what I'm going to do and your date of birth is coming up to 756, correct? No. That's okay. Your birthday is coming up on February 7th. Is that correct? Perfect. All right. And let me. I just have a few more notes to put in. And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to send you a link like we did previously. I will walk you through that enrollment. And then I will call you on the first of February. That's when we will get your fitness membership going and we'll do all of that for you. Right. Exactly. Exactly. Okay. Wow. Well, then that's not good. That's not good at all. Right. Exactly. And let me put this in and we're going to make sure that you get that $100 per month. All right. And that is the dual access and it's not going to cost you anything and no co-payments. None at all. Perfect. Okay. So give me just a second. Let me just put you. Give me just a moment. I just have to enter all of this. I'm going to add your doctor to the plan. And I know you were at the barber shop. How did that go? Yay. I love it. Love it. I love it. You know what? I agree. A lot of times things cost a little bit more but it'll be worth it. Right. Very, very true. Right. Wow. Okay. I'm getting it done. Okay. That sounds good. Give me just a moment, honey. I've just got to make sure that I have everything completed correctly. Uh-oh. Well, that's not good. Right. Oh, exactly. That would be a lot easier. Okay. That's perfect. Give me just a second. Let me just put your doctor in. Yes. I've got him. And I'm putting him down right now as your primary. And yes, you have been seeing him. Gosh. And, you know, that is a long time to have to endure that. Right. Well, I hope they treated you well. No. Were they? Wow. Well, I don't like that. That is not good. Right. And give me just a moment. Almost done. I'm going to be sending you a link. And we're going to do it like we did before. I'm going to send you the link and then walk you through. I realize that you are not able to do the speaker phone at this time, but it'll be perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Okay. Almost done. Let me just make sure that this doctor's information is correct. Well, I'm so thankful that you are out. And are you feeling better, though? Now that you're out of the hospital. Yes. Absolutely. All right. Let me just enter these last few notes. And the number that I'm calling from, that is going to be the number that you will always be able to get in touch with me on. Did it come up on your caller ID? Okay. Yes. That's it. So you'll always be able to get in touch with me. Bear with me just a few more moments. All right. Let me put you on just a five second hold. I'm just going to make sure that this doctor stays here. Okay. Give me just a second. Oh, got it. Actually. I already got him. So it worked before I even did it. Okay. So what I'm going to do, we're going to send this link and you're on your cell phone still, correct? All right. It's coming now. So you let me know when you receive that text message. Okay. Go ahead and do you see the text message? Okay. So if you put me tap your screen so that it comes through. Okay. Pull down from the top. Okay. Sounds good. Give me just a second. And I'm sending it now to the 6719448. You let me know when you receive it. No, it's not Zoom. It's on your text messages. Yes. That, that, yes, that's where you're going to click the enrollment link in your, in your text messages. Okay. Let's do this. Are you able to get to your email while on the phone? I'm going to send this one more time and you go to your text messages. That's okay. Give me just a second. Let me see if I can. Okay. Good. That is good. Now, do you see where you can go to your text messages while you're on your looking at your screen? Not to the learn more. Does it say let's get you enrolled? Well-care dual access. Okay. Let me see if I can do it like this. What I'm going to do. We are going to send it to. Give me just a second. It should be coming from a 443 number. Okay. So I'm going to forward this to you from my phone. Okay. And your number is 631-671-9448. Okay. So this is going to be coming from my personal cell phone, which is 702. And let me know if you, when you see that 702 number pop up. It is a healthcare thing. What does it say? Does it say your enrollment link? No. Okay. So, well, and that's our phone call. If you go to your text messages, it should be somewhere. If you pull down on your screen, do you have just an Android? Okay. So that's where you're going to pull down on your top screen. And it'll show you all of your notifications. And it'll show you if you've got a text message. Scroll through those. I don't know either. But if you pull down and then it should allow, no, it should, if you are able. Okay. So you know on the bottom of your Android, there are three lines. There's a square in the middle or a circle. And then an arrow that points to that circle. Press the circle for me. Yes. And then do you see where your text messages are? Well, it's not the envelope because that's your email. Unless I send it to your email address. But if you click the little bubble with a message looking like a conversation bubble, okay, click that. And then you will see a message either from 702 or 443. Yes, click that. That's what you're going to click. You're going to open that message. Now you're going to, yes, click that link. No, you're good. See, I like doing this. So what you're going to do, you're going to open that up and it shows you the well-care dual access for zero dollars hospital doctor specialist. Everything zero. So you a blank. Okay. And it might be loading. Okay. And as soon as you see your information, you let me know. That's right. So you're going to, you're going to go down. It should show you the well-care dual access. Okay. Yes. So you just hold on. Let it go through. And it does have your address. I want to make sure that it's correct. 26 railroad Avenue, sweet 104. Okay. In Babylon. Okay. 0202. And it has anything popped up under. Do you see where it says a diamond? And then my information. Okay. And I do show your doctor on that screen is going to show Alan Escalante. And that's who you are a patient of correct and at 500. Okay. Perfect. And then I put your phone number in there as well. And what's going to happen is they're going to mail you a card. And you will be able to have everything there for you. If you give me just a moment. You're fine. You're fine. You you. Oh, oh, yeah. You don't want to do that. And what I'm going to do. What I'm going to do is you're going to be getting your cards in the mail within about 10 days. Okay. So what what I'm going to do now and you'll be able to get off the phone is I'm going to send you over to the enrollment verification. And they're going to make sure that I dotted all my eyes across all my T's. And I will call you on the first. So that way I will have your policy information for you. And we can get you going on your fitness benefit. Okay. All right. And can we. Yeah. Well, in that way you can be done and able to handle whatever your handling. We don't want you to be involved with the enforcement officer. Right. I don't either. No, we don't like that. So make sure you save my number the eight for four number on your cell phone. Okay. And give me just just a second, Lauren. One moment. Okay. Good. Good afternoon, Mr. Passmore. My name is Viseka Gosborne. I'm a customer care specialist with clear match customer care team. I do want to let you know that this call has been recorded for quality and trained purposes. Today we're confirming your enrollment into the well care dual access HMO DSNP plan with the start date of February 1st, 2024. Is that correct there? All right. Now this plan is a dual eligible special needs plan DSNP for people who have both Medicare and Medicaid. If your category of Medicaid eligibility changes, please notify your agent as your cost share may also increase or decrease. I want to confirm that you have your agents a full name and direct contact information as she will be your Medicare advisor moving forward. Okay. I'm just confirming your enrollment there. We're almost through firm that your agent to review all your prescription medications and any doctors who are important to you. Okay. All right. Would like to ensure we have your permission to call if there's any need to follow up. Is that agreeable with you? My saying yes. You're confirming that you agree and consent to our company to contact you with phone calls, voice mails and text messages containing information about our products and services. We may use an audit dialer or pre-recorded message for these communications and you're not required to consent to make any purchase. You will agree to receive these communications at this number even if the number is on a do not call it. I want to thank you again for enrolling with your agent amber and do not hesitate to reach out to her if you have any questions about your coverage. Okay. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have a good day. Have

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Well, I can't do it. I can't do it. Hello, yes, I can. Who's this? Oh, yes, ma'am. What can I do for you? Medicaid Medicare Well, I got out of the hospital yesterday Yeah, Medicaid Medicare I Don't know what that sign me up Well, what I need is assistance with rent because right now it did the hospital discharge me into the streets and I'm homeless How much rent Well, every little bit helps. Okay. Okay. I have a question for you. What about service sneakers? Do you have to you know about service sneakers? Okay, so what I need is telephone number service naked because they cancel So can you give me that phone number? Well, do you call service sneakers? Do you call them? Okay, well get me in okay, but I'm yeah, I'm in trouble here I need it because I need to go back to I need to get my strength back So I need to go to the gym So can we do the silk? ma'am ma'am may we do it today? Can we can we do it today? All right, so let's No No medications have not changed No, what's that's the long day? That's that's a mailing address as well. Yes Okay Well, I have to give I have to give LA fitness the Information on service sneakers. So do I call you or you're gonna call me? Okay, I need a number. I need a number for you before we hang up So any event that your call doesn't go through I can call you Well, I was in the hospital for six and a half months Everything went crazy Yeah, it is I lost a few digits on my foot, so I'm a cripple now and So where it goes 500 West Main Street that's Babylon by the way Good, that's perfect Yes, do you have it or you need it again? Okay, no problem I'm gonna put the phone down just for a moment so I can pick something up Okay, I'm back Yes Yes, I do I'm gonna one second. I'm gonna put the phone down hang on. I got to pull it up hold on Okay, what do you need go? No, it's three F three F. No, no, I'm sorry Medicaid Wait a minute F T nine four eight two three Q I'm sorry. I heard you talking but I had to have put the phone down. Yes, yes Okay And all that will be done so when I go when I won't go into LA fitness so the sneakers So the slippers will have all that information Okay, now all I mean is telephone number the syllabus because LA fitness wants to call them the bear But because the insurance company canceled them while I was in the hospital well Of course, it's not but but the bottom line is that's what happened Right I Understand you've gone. Let's finish it. Let's finish it right now Very well the man made me look like a human being Yeah, I feel real good. He gave me a nice shave. He gave me a beautiful haircut Cost too much, but that's all right. You know, you get what you get what you pay for Well most women they pay 60 70 80 dollars when they go to the beauty shop But men are not a men are not accustomed today. We're accustomed to spending 15 20 dollars That's it, but this one cost me 65 right 65 bucks Anyway, let's let's keep going. Let's keep going because I'm in the middle of things All right I don't know why my speaker phone is not working. I don't understand that yeah Because I was trying to just to put you on speaker phone so because I'm in the car bar myself And we could have just spoke straight away and then I would I would be hands-free Anyway, anyway finish up. Let's finish Escalante 500 West Well, I was in the hospital for six seven months and you're you're you're cut off from the rest of the world cut off Farably, but that's okay. It's over behind me. Yeah, they were horrible. They were mean to me Yeah, it was a Tony bro medical They were very mean to me, but you know, that's the way so They listen, it's behind me. So my attitude is we've got to move on Anyway, I'm just gonna stay on the phone I'm Better because I'm out And you're nothing 8449 814 07 Okay, all right Okay Okay, all right, okay, good Yes, ma'am And I just my body All right, now keep going No, I don't I don't see anything Yeah, I tapped it nothing just send it send it a second send it a second time and then I'm sure one of the two times You want to get it? You got the right number. Is it zoom time? And I will care agent atonia that release that you I don't see it, but I'm looking for it Bill site collie Follow stuff going on 8449 814 07. I don't see an enrollment link, but I'm sure it's here No, I don't see an enrollment link at all. I don't I don't know Okay, hang on I can't get I can't get it in my pocket But my speaker phone my speaker phone just came up to that just because I can eat now I can go to just as a medicare supplement And I should learn more. Want me to go there? Nope Nope doesn't say that Yeah Yeah, I don't see it That's it. Okay. Oh, I don't see Health care No 702 numbers No, this is health care 844 981 1407 Just a straight-and droid night on and I do not know All right, I appreciate it What is your official residence over the US president? I'm sorry I didn't get there yet for working with this lady. I'll get there though I think happened you have probably have the wrong thing code This is a new card Well, I'm gonna come in in a second Okay, yeah, I'll take it Okay, what is the official residence of the youth? No, I don't know what that is yes, yeah That's a circle press on I went that okay Section messages my mail I'm below Maybe the envelope maybe that's what I don't see there. Oh, yeah, got it. And what do I do now? I see 702 9344 Got it. I opened it your enrollment. Okay Took long enough, right? Right now it's a blank Just a blank screen Just a blank screen Yep. Yeah, it's loading very slow That's okay and roll clear match something Got it. I don't know. Let me show anything I saw it from that screen is blank Just a roll clear match made Yeah, that's correct 11704 11702 Nope, that's blank screen Yeah, correct Yeah, I'm getting I got a move because I see the enforcement the enforcement agent is coming and he's gonna want to give me a sound Okay Okay, that'll get me off the phone. Yeah, that's a sure I don't want another summit. I don't Got it. All right All right Yes Yes, ma'am Yeah, that's ma'am. I'm ducking and dodging police ma'am. I'm ducking and dodging police. I'm ducking and dodging ambulances I need to I need to get off this phone God I need to get off this phone Yes, all done all done. Ma'am. It's all done. I need to get off this phone I'm gonna get a hundred dollars some is because of you. You know that it's all done That's fine, ma'am. Thank you. Yes fine. Yes, ma'am Yes, ma'am Yes, ma'am Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.