Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thanks for calling to your much Medicare. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. My name is Juliet Powell on a recorded line. And who am I speaking to? Thank you, Ms. Canter. I appreciate you calling me back. All right, so there was this, I said earlier, there was a small issue with the application that it didn't go through. So I have to have I have to do it back with do it over. I'm so sorry. Okay, but I want to get it approved for you. Okay. So there are no changes with the doctors or the medications. Right. Everything remains the same. Okay, please verify your information with me already. All right. So let me just go ahead and play that recording real quick. Okay. Tuesday, January 30th, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services free of charge are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO and PFFS organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number. Even if it is on the do not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the do not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpon.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident and hospital coverage. Okay, Ms. Canter? Thank you so much for listening to that recording. Do you understand and agree to the recording I just played including receiving calls and text your number? And do I have your permission to discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision and salaries like cancer, heart attack, stroke, if those are needed today? Awesome, thank you so much. Is it okay if I place you in a brief hole just for a moment? Thank you, one moment. Okay, Ms. Canter? Ms. Canter, where are you? All right, thanks for being so patient. So you I'm going to do that well care. Again, I'm going to put it in to Medicare and I hope I don't have any more issues. Okay, so let's get started. So for the record, I have to ask you your primary doctor is still Dr. Massing Gayle Travis. Okay, and all your medications are the same, correct? And you make your own decisions, correct? Are they good or bad? It's your decisions. All right. So we're going to do that application again. Okay, RTE. So they have them up here and it's here. Well care. So you had a good day, Ms. Canter. Can I call you Rebecca? Can I call you Rebecca? Do they call you Becky? Do they call you Becky? Huh? All right. Oh, you are so funny. Oh, boy, Becky. Oh, yeah. That's right. Yeah. Okay, so this is the well care no premium. Well care no premium. Okay. All right. All right. So please know Becky, you're there with me? All right. Please know that this call will be recorded for quality and for training. Purpose is okay. All right. And this person there. Be hold on. Let me see. You have no Medicaid, no Medicaid, NLS, no Medicaid. Okay. All right. So we do not offer every plan available in your area. Currently, we represent nine organizations, which offer six and nine products in your area. Please contact Medicare.gov 1-800-Medicare or your local state health insurance program to get information and all of your options. Now, Becky, please verify your first and last name, the spelling for me and the middle initial and date of birth. All right. So it's our e-b-e-c-c-a, middle initial a, c-a-n-t-o-r, date of birth is 42464. That sounds correct. Okay. For this application, we will ask questions to process your application. I will cover the plan requirements. I'll review the pre-enrollment checklist and the summary of benefits. And I'll answer any questions you may have. The pre-enrollment checklist can also be reviewed on well-care website. Your current healthcare coverage will end once your new Medicare coverage starts. For example, if you are in try-care or a Medicare plan, you will no longer receive benefits from that plan once your new coverage starts. At the end of the application, we will ask you to confirm the accuracy of your answers, which will be recorded. Please confirm that you consent by saying yes. Okay. Your response to this form is voluntary. However, failure to respond may affect enrollment in the plan. We have free interpreter services to answer any questions you may have about this health or job plan. To get an interpreter, just call us at 1-800-633-4227-TTY711. This is a free service. The following languages are included. Spanish, Chinese, Establa, French, Vietnamese, German, Korean, Russian, Arabic, Italian, Portuguese, French, Creole, Polish, Hindi, Giraffe, Thai, and Japanese. Someone who speaks those languages can help you. You are not required to provide health-related information unless this information is needed to determine your eligibility to enroll in the plan. If you choose not to provide the request of the health information, you may not be able to enroll in the plan. We comply with applicable federal civil rights laws and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national, origin, age, disability, or sex. Before making an enrollment decision, it is important that you fully understand the plans, benefits, and roles. Based on what we have discussed, please confirm that you would like to enroll in well-care no premium H973-00009-HMO with an effective date of February 1, 2024. And a plan premium of $0 is that correct? I am confirming that if you are in an existing plan, you want to switch from your current plan into this plan, is that correct? Okay, if you're ready to enroll, we will fill out the application and process your signature. Once we complete the signature, I will give you the application number for reference. I'll tell you when to expect materials in the mail. I will provide you with the customer service number for your reference. Are you ready to enroll now? And your gender? All right. We have everything here. Okay. Please verify your address again for me. Uh-huh. And the county, I have 150 hands away, apartment 1, Somerset, Kentucky, 4201, Pulaski County, sounds correct? Do you have another home address? Okay. Are you Hispanic, Latino, or Spanish? Would you like to reach out to me? Oh, yeah. You can tell me. Really? Oh, they tell you that. And your Caucasian? Your white? Oh, that's great. Oh, that will make no sense. But regardless, it doesn't matter. They shouldn't be telling anybody that. But it creates ignorant people. That's okay. Don't worry about it. Would you like to receive your plan information in a different language or format? But I know. What about large print or audio? That's what you'll be all right. I know you gave me your doctor's name. Can you just say it for the record? Your primary doctor? Travis Massengeel. Okay. A-Z-I-S-E-N-G-A-L-E. Okay. Let me see. Okay. Dr. Massengeel. Okay. You did, let me see here. You have LIS, correct? Yes. You're getting extra help. Let me see. Continue this. Okay. Good. One moment. Yeah, you have low income. From subsidy to the time of only one moment. Yeah, so you have that 3124. Okay. So use the LIS. Started January 1st, 2024. All right. Now, will you have any other prescription job plan in addition to this one? Are you a resident in a long-term care facility, let the nursing home? Are you enrolled in the state Medicaid program? No, it's a low income subsidy, given you. Will you or your spouse be working once you're enrolled? Will you be working? Once you're enrolled, will you have any other medical health coverage? Where you are the subscriber, you're covered as a dependent or as a spouse? If you must pay the part, the income-related monthly adjustment amount, you'll be required to pay this extra amount in addition to any planned premium. The amount is usually paid not of a social security checker. You may get a bill from Medicare. So, these over 100,000 people can come over 100,000 a year. They'll get a bill from Medicare. So, if you get that bill, you pay Medicare. If there is any changes to your plan in the future, and you have a premium or any enrollment penalty, would you like the statement go to your home address or take it from the social home address? And please note that if you have extra help and you're enrolling in a plan with your coverage, you may experience a change in premium or copy if your extra help level changes, okay? Now, to finish your enrollment, we just need to go through some important legal information. I will now play the CMS record disclaimers. Please stay on the phone for this recorded disclaimer. If you have a question during the recording, please ask me to stop the recording. Please do not hang up, otherwise your enrollment will not be complete. After listening to the disclaimers, if you agree to what you heard, I will proceed to obtain your verbal signature. So, you know I have to play this well-care disclaimer for you, okay? All right, one moment. Well-care PDP is a Medicare prescription drug plan and has a contract with the federal government. I understand that if I am getting assistance from a sales agent, broker, or other individual employed by or contracted with well-care PDP, he or she may be compensated based on my enrollment in well-care PDP. I must keep hospital, party, or medical, part B, to stay in well-care PDP by joining this Medicare prescription drug plan. I acknowledge that well-care PDP will share my information with Medicare, who may use it to track my enrollment, to make payments, and for other purposes allowed by federal law that authorize the collection of this information, see Privacy Act statement below. Your response to this form is voluntary. However, failure to respond may affect enrollment in the plan. I understand that I can be enrolled in only one party plan at a time, and that enrollment in this plan will automatically end my enrollment in another party plan. The information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of my knowledge. I understand that if I intentionally provide false information on this form, I will be disenrolled from the plan. I understand that my verbal signature, or the signature of the person legally authorized to act on my behalf, on this application, means that I have read and understand the contents of this application. If signed by an authorized representative, as described above, this signature certifies that, one, this person is authorized under state law to complete this enrollment, and two, documentation of this authority is available upon request by Medicare. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, CMS, collects information from Medicare plans to track beneficiary enrollment and Medicare advantage your prescription drug plans, PDP, improve care, and for the payment of Medicare benefits. Section 1851 in 1861 of the Social Security Act and 42 CFR 422.50, 422.60, 423.30 and 423.32, authorize the collection of this information. CMS may use, disclose, and exchange enrollment data for Medicare beneficiaries is specified in the system of records notice, soren, Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug, Marks, system number 97588. Your response to this form is voluntary. However, failure to respond may affect enrollment in the plan. Okay, Mickey. Thank you for listening to the recording. Now do you understand and agree to the statements we have revealed in this call, including your intention to enroll in this plan? And do you understand that you're enrolling in the plan well-care, no premium, H9730, 009, HMO, for monthly premium of no more than $0, and the plan proposed effective date is February 1, 2024, and is subject to approval by Medicare. Okay. Now today's January 30, 2024, to confirm your application and to acknowledge the information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of your knowledge. You understand that if you intentionally provide false information on this form, you will be disenrolled from the plan to enroll you in well-care, no premium, H9730, 009, HMO, please state your full name and today's date. Awesome. All right, Mr. Rebecca, this completes the application process. Well-care will send you a confirmation that your application was received. We will also notify you by mail of the status of your enrollment. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, collect information from Medicare plans to track benefit share enrollment in Medicare Advantage or Prescription Job Plans, improve care and for the payment of Medicare benefits, Section 1851, 1860D, one of the Social Security Act, and 42 CFR 422.50, 422.60, 423.30, and 423.32, authorize the collection of this information. CMS may use disclose and exchange enrollment data from Medicare beneficiaries as specified in the system of records notice Medicare Advantage, Prescription Job System, number 097000588. Your response to this form is voluntary, however feel that you respond may affect enrollment in the plan. Also, we would like to make sure this experience was conducted appropriately, so may we call your 6062789432. Okay, so this is a new confirmation number. I want you to write this one down for me. You ready? It's H as in Henry, P as in Peter, T as in Tom, 1061969. You got it? Awesome. And I did give you the customer service number the last time. It's going to be on your ID card, uh-huh, 8334449088. Monday true Friday, no, seven days a week, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. TTY TDD users call 711, Monday true Friday, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. All right. All right, it's Rebecca. I really appreciate you. Thank you so much. And I will be hearing back from them. I hope this one will be approved. Okay, now I'm going to connect you. Yes, I have to connect you with that verification agent just to make sure I give you the correct information again. And as always, it's a pleasure talking to you. I will be in touch with you now. Okay, call me if you need me. Okay. Yes, you're welcome. One moment. Hi, Rebecca. Thanks for holding. I have the agent ready for you. Okay. You have a good night. No. Uh-huh. Okay. Yes. Bye-bye. Hey, Mr. Rebecca. My name is Sandra Rodriguez. I'm part of the Clear Match customer care team. How you doing today? I'm doing good. Thank you for asking. So Rebecca, today we are confirming your enrollment into the healthcare no premium HMO. And that has a start date of February 1st, December 5th, 2024. Is that correct? Perfect. Now before we go any further, I do want to let you know that the call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. All right. I also would like to confirm with you that you have your agent's full name and her direct contact information as they will be your Medicare advisor moving forward. Uh-huh. Her name is Juliet. Howell. Do you have her phone number and extension? Perfect. Now can you also confirm that your agent went over your prescription medication and any doctors that are important to you? All right. So lastly, we'd like to ensure that we have your permission to call if there's ever any need to follow up in the future. Would that be okay? By saying yes, you are confirming that you agree and consent. So we do need to go through this last part, Rebecca, and then we're done. All right. So you're confirming that you agree and consent for our company to contact you with phone calls and text messages, containing information about our products and services. We may use an other dialer or pre-recorded message for these communication and you're not required to consent to make any purchase. You're agreeing to receive these messages and receive these communications at December, even if the numbers on us do not call it. So that was all right. So that way to conclude the call for today. I also wanted to thank you for enrolling with Juliet. You ever have any questions? So you had to take two give or a call. Okay. You're welcome. You have a great rest of your evening, ma'am. Goodbye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  This is Rebecca Cantor. Okay. Okay. Okay. Right. The sign, everything's the sign. Okay. Okay. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. That's fine. Yes. I'm here. I'm sorry. Yes. Correct. Correct. Whether it's a good or bad. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Call me Becky. I don't want to say you will never get real mad at me what they call me. Yes. Yes. I can get real mad at me sometimes. Yes. The call brought me in everything. I'm not going. You know what I had to do math over all three days, peace and quiet. I'm here. Okay. Okay. Okay. Remekka R-E-B-E-C-C-A. Canter C-A-N-T-O-R-A-FOR-24-64. That's right. Yes. Yes. That's correct. I'm ready. Female. 150. Handle one. Apartment one. Somerset Kentucky. 4201. Plasty. That's correct. No. I only got one home. No, I'm locked. But I... But I hate to tell you what they call me sometimes. Yeah. Oh. Go back to the cotton fields. Why don't you? Well, you don't want to know what I say to that. Yeah. Yeah. Do you want to tell me that? I don't want. But anymore, I don't know. After hearing that. I know it. They don't care. No. Just English. If I didn't do anything else, I don't know what thing. What is saying? Well, large friend of B.R.A. Yeah. Travis Ness and Gale. So. No. Yeah. Yeah. No. No. I think so. No. No. No. Yeah. I'm a jurist. Okay. Okay. No. Yeah. I sure do. Yes. Okay. Rebecca and canter. January 30th, 2024. Yes. Okay. Okay. I'm ready. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I've got that. HP. HPT. 106. 1969. And, yep, it's got it. I've got it. Roll. Roll. Down. Yep. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. You too. Thank you. I'm fine. How are you? That's correct. Okay. Yes. I do. Yes. It is. That's fine. Yes. I agree. Okay. I agree. All right. Thank you. You too. Thank you. I'm fine.