Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for following the health care, this is Leanne Tasman speaking on the license page and all my calls are recorded. Yep, I know, I just have to throw all that out, anything. Government schools. Okay, so on our previous home call, we've been fully reviewed and you've decided to enroll in the health care dual access plan, you weren't able to get the links to work. So we're going to do this application manually. So we're looking to make it effective tomorrow February 1st, 2024. You're in the state of New York, the county of King's County. We've set your primary care doctor to join. Solson. And my name is Leanne Passing. We did on that recording on the first call. We did the scope of appointment where it listed all the things that we could talk about. I am speaking with the customer. You are able to make your own medical decision. I offer to review drug costs which don't take any medications. Lucky you, we did find you a doctor. We have a valid election period because you have Medicare and Medicaid. I went over the entire summary of benefits with you. You'll be getting a copy of all of that in the mail. And we did talk about any plan limitations. The plan that you're looking to enroll in does have prescription drug coverage. We're going to be doing this application in English. It has a zero monthly premium. It is a special needs plan. You are switching from what you have to this and I'm speaking with the applicant. We do have Medicaid. The level does match what we're looking at. I'm going to be reading some things here. Some of it will pertain to you. Some will not. If the script I have to read it, exactly the way it's on the screen. When I ask you a question for yes or no answer, please just say yes or no. Because it's recorded for the government. And they have no sense of humor. Okay. So please know our call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. We do not offer every plan available in the area. We currently represent eight organizations which offer 61 products in your area. Please contact Medicare.gov 1-800-METAKEYR or your local state health insurance program to get information on all of your options. Do you agree to have the call recorded yes or no? Please verify the spelling yet. I heard you. Please verify the spelling of your first and last name. Thank you. Please verify your date of birth. Thank you. For this application, we will ask questions to process your application. I will cover the plan requirements, review the pre-enrollment checklist and the summary of benefits, and answer any questions you may have. The pre-enrollment checklist can also be reviewed on well-care websites. Effect on current coverage. Your current health care coverage will end once your new Medicare coverage starts. For example, if you are in try care or a Medicare plan, you will no longer receive benefits from that plan once your new coverage starts. At the end of the application, we will ask you to confirm your accuracy of your answers, which will be recorded. Please confirm that you can sense by saying yes. Thank you. Your response to this form is voluntary, however failure to respond may affect enrollment in the plan. We have free interpreter services to answer any questions you may have about this health or drug plan. To get an interpreter, just call us at 1-800-633-4227-TPY-711. This is a free service. The following languages are included. Spanish, Chinese, Tagalog, French, Vietnamese, German, Korean, Russian, Arabic, Italian, Portuguese, French Creole, Polish, Hindi, Duarte, Thai, and Japanese. Someone who speaks those languages can help you. For you are not required to provide health-related information, unless this information is needed to determine your eligibility to enroll in the plan. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in the plan. We comply with applicable federal civil rights laws and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. Before making an enrollment decision, it is important that you fully understand the plan's benefits and rules. Based on what we have discussed, we've confirmed that you would like to enroll in a healthcare dual access in 4-800-666-0148-MODSIP with an effective date of February 1, 2024 and a plan premium of $0. Is that correct? Yes or no? Ivan, is that correct? Yes, thank you. I am confirming that if you are in an existing plan, you want to switch from your current plan to this plan. Is that correct? Yes or no? If you are ready to enroll, then we will fill out the application and process your signature. Once we complete the signature, I will give you the application number for reference, tell you when to expect materials in the mail, and provide you with customer service number for your reference. Are you ready to enroll now? Yes or no? Ivan, thank you. Now we will take with completing the application. Would you please provide the following? The middle initial as it appears on your Medicare card, your Medicare beneficiary identification number. Yes, the Medicare card number, the red, white, and blue one. All right. Thank you. The part A and part B date affects... Yes, I got it. The part A and part B date affects the date from the Medicare card. Yes, I got it. Ivan, I need you to read me the dates on the card. The A and B dates on the card. Yes. 2024. Got it. Okay. Your date of birth, your sex, male or female, your telephone number. The number that you gave, you want me to use my research? Ivan. Ivan. Ivan. Okay, go ahead. Got it. Is there an alternate telephone number you'd like me to provide? Or no? Okay. We're asking, would you like to provide an email address? You don't have an email address correct? All right. And just to confirm, no email address. The county of residents, what county are you in? That's the city, the county. Thank you. And your permanent street address, the whole address. Okay. City, city, state and zip. Ivan, I need you to say the city and the state. Thank you. And you have a different mailing address. Okay. The next two questions are mandatory that I ask them however they are optional for you to respond. If you don't want to respond just say so. Are you Hispanic, Latino or Spanish origin? What is your race? Would you like to receive your plan information in a different language or format, yes or no? And the name of the primary care doctor that I, that we, we search for. Do you remember that name? Yeah, the one that we looked up and assigned to you. Do you remember it? Joyce Wilson. Joyce. And her last name, I'll spell it for you. Is. G.H.O.L.S.O.N. G like George. H like Harry. O like Orange. L like Larry. S like. G.H.O.L.S.O.N. Okay. And. Let me see. I think I got her phone number. I do not, but I'll look it up at the end of the enrollment. Okay. But I do have her address is 937 Folk and Street. Okay. Hold on. Got it. Will you have other prescription drug coverage in addition to this plan? Yes or no? Will you have other prescription drug coverage in addition? Okay. Are you resident in a long term care facility such as a nursing home? Yes or no? Are you entitled to state Medicaid program? Yes. I've already got your Medicaid number. We put it in. Will you or your spouse be employed once you have enrolled in this plan? Yes or no? I'm sorry. Yes. Okay. Once enrolled, will you have other medical health coverage where you are the subscriber or are covered as a spouse-flash defendant? Okay. I got to ask a question, told her. So, if you must pay a party income-related monthly adjustment amount, party, Irma, you will be required to pay this extra amount in addition to your plan premium. The amount is usually taken out of your Social Security Benefit or you may get a bill from Medicare or the RRB. Don't pay a well-care dual-accessed plan to part the Irma. You must continue to pay your part A if applicable and part B premium. We will not collect any premium at this time, but we do need to know how you would like to pay any premium in the future. You can pay your monthly plan premium for the well-care dual-accessed plan, including any latent enrollment penalty you currently may have or owe. You can also pay your premium by having it automatically taken out of your Social Security or Railroad retirement board benefit checks each month. So, if I know that this is a zero premium plan for you, but if something were to change and we needed to collect a premium, would you want us to deduct it from your Social Security check or would you want us to send you a direct bill through the mail from the Social Security check? Okay. The part B premium is handled automatically between Social Security and Medicaid and Medicare. If your Medicaid is set up to do that, then yes, they'll automatically take care of that for you. That's not what I'm talking about here. I'm talking about if the health plan that we're enrolling you in, if something changes and you end up having to start paying a premium, would you want us to deduct it from your Social Security check or would you want us to send you a bill of the mail? A bill of the mail, okay. If that happens, you would get a coupon book. Yes. If that happens, you've got a coupon book in the mail and you're going to call me to find out what's going on and see how we can get you back down to a zero premium plan, okay? Okay. So if it happens, direct bills would continue until EFP forms have been processed. Please note that if you have extra help and are enrolling in a plan with drug coverage, you are. You may experience a change in premium or co-pay if your extra health level changes, okay? Now to finish your enrollment, we need to go through some important legal information. And we'll now play the CMS required disclosures. Please stay on the phone so this recorded disclaimer. If you have a question during the recording, ask me to stop the recording. Please do not hang up, otherwise your enrollment will not be complete. After listening to the disclaimer, if you agree to what you heard, I'll proceed to obtain your verbal signature. Give me a moment to get that going. One second. The SNP here. Well-cared the licensed and certified representative of Medicare Advantage HMO, HMO SNP, PPO, PPO SNP, and PFFS organizations, and standalone PDP prescription drug plans. Each of the organizations they represent has a Medicare contract. Enrollment in any plan depends on contract renewal. Non-contracted out-of-network providers are not obligated to treat you except for emergencies or urgently needed services, otherwise you may be responsible for the costs. Your ability to enroll in the special needs plan is based on verification that you are entitled to both Medicare and the qualifying level of Medicaid. The information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of my knowledge. I understand that if I am getting assistance from a sales agent, broker, or other individual employed by or contracted with well-care, he or she may be paid based on my enrollment in well-care well-care serves a specific service area. If I move out of the area that well-care serves, I need to notify the plan so I can disenroll and find a new plan in my new area. Once I am a member of well-care I have the right to appeal plan decisions about payment or services if I disagree. I understand that my verbal signature or the verbal signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the individual under the laws of the state where the individual resides on this application means that I have read and understand the contents of this application. If signed by an authorized individual, this verbal signature certifies that one, this person is authorized under state law to complete this enrollment and two, documentation of this authority is available upon request by Medicare. Okay, so any questions about that recording Ivan. Great. Now you know why I wanted to do the one with the through your phone so much quicker. Do you understand and agree with two statements we have reviewed on in this call, including your attention to enrolling this plan? Do you understand that you are enrolling in the plan? Low-care dual access H486A-014-ASMO-D-SNP for a monthly premium of no more than $0. The plan's proposed effective date is 21 2024, subject to approval by Medicare, yes or no. Thank you. Today's date is January 31, 2024, to confirm your application and to acknowledge the information on this enrollment form is correct for the best to earn knowledge. Do you understand that if you intentionally provide false information on this form, you will be disenrolled. To enroll you in the well care dual access HMO-D-SNP, please state your full name and today's date. Thank you. That completes the application process, well care will send you confirmation that your application was received. You will also notify you by mail of the status of your enrollment. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS collects information from Medicare plans to track beneficiary and enrollment in Medicare Advantage MA. For prescription drug plans, PDP improved care into the payment of Medicare benefits, sections 1851 and 1860D-1 of the Social Security Act. 42 CFR 42.50 42.60 43.30 and 43.32 authorize the collection of this information. CMS may use disclosed an exchange enrollment data from Medicare beneficiaries as specified in the system of records notice sorened Medicare Advantage prescription drug marks system 09700588. Your response to this form is voluntary, however, failure to respond may affect enrollment in the plan. Also, we'd like to make sure that this sales experience was conducted appropriately and stand contact with you by phone or other methods. Using the information you have provided us, may we call you at 929-589-9093 if we reach out by phone. Ivan? Yes? Your confirmation number, you're going to need to write this down Ivan. It's H like Harry, P like Paul. It's, I'll start over, H like Harry, P like Paul, P like Tom. 1, P like Paul, P like Tom, 10, 6, 2, 1, 8, 6. Can you read it back to me? Almost. It's H like Harry, P like Paul, and then P like Tom. P like Paul or Peter, a letter P like, yes, HP, yep, you got it. Before we go out to the phone, I want to remind you that if you have any questions that would like to make your enrollment status a benefit, you may call customer service. Your customer service number is 1-833-244-9088. Okay. We won, second. The time of your enrollment, if you need to call them, they may ask you for that, they're going to ask you for that HPT number, they may ask you for today's date and the time of the enrollment. Your enrollment is logging in at 1114 AM. Okay. Sorry. So you're giving me your cost. Don't do that. Okay. We're almost done. I need like 30 seconds. I need to bring somebody on the line that's going to verify that I did what you asked me to do. Okay. By doing this enrollment. Okay. Let me get that on the line. Like I said, it's a very, very thick thing. Okay. Good morning. My name is Rachel Williams, and I'm part of the current mesh customer care team. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. So today, we'll go for your enrollment, start the worker, do an access plan, with the start date of February 1st, 2024 is the correct. Okay. Some of the furniture have missed. Pazzy, fall number extension that should be a medical advisor moving forward. Yes. So did you have Miss Leanne, fall number extension? Miss Leanne, fall number and extension. Okay. Let me see her. So we want to ensure that we have your permission to call. If there's any that follow up, and by saying yes, you're confirming that you agree and consent for our company. Give me one moment. Give me one moment to read this. To contact you with phone calls, voice, mail, and text messages. Yes, I have to read the whole thing and give me one moment. To tell you information about our products and services. We may use an auto data or a pivot code of message for these communications. And you're not required to consent to make a purchase. Your grant to receive this communication at this number. Even the number is on do not call list. So do you consent to give your call? Do we have permission to call you? Hello? Yes, so do we have permission to give your call? Hello. Can you hear me? Do we have permission to give your call? Yes, okay. Let me see here. So let's proceed on to the resource help assessment. This assessment will help maximize the resource available to you. So we want to check out quickly the two-minute survey. Did you be good to go? Okay. Okay. Give me one moment. Would you say your health is excellent, very good, good for your poor? Do you have heart, blood pressure, depression? And anxiety, heart, cholesterol? Okay. Are you overweight? Or do you have anemia? You have anemia. Okay. Diabetes, kidney disease. Our divide is dementia. Do you have transportation to your medical permits? Do you feel safe in your home and around the people in your life? Do you feel safe in your home and around the people in your life? Yes. Yes, I can see her. Do you have food? Yes. In the past two weeks, you've been feeling depressed. Do you need help with... Okay. One moment. Do you need help with that? That's it. Do you need help with cooking, cleaning, bathing, using the baths and getting dressed? Do you need help with that? That's it. Do you need help with cooking, cleaning? Okay. Do you have a living will on advanced averages? Okay. In the past five days, have you had pain while cooking, cleaning, taking a trash show and then like that? No. What was your number of pain levels and schedule to ten? Have you followed in the past year? Yes. Have you received your COVID in your flu shot? Have you received your COVID in your flu shot? What about your pneumonia, your TDP and your single shot? No, no, you okay. One of the last times you saw a dentist, do you drink or use tobacco products? Do you drink alcohol, do you use tobacco products? And also, the treatment's lean. Talk about your medication, your doctor's that you go over there with you. The missing lean, ask you about your medication, your doctor's that you ask you about them. So, thank you for allowing me to mention medical to help you with your medical benefits. And then I had to take to reach out to this lean. If you have any additional questions about your plan, so thank you for calling and you enjoy the rest of your day, okay? You're welcome. Bye-bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Yeah, this is Ivan here. Alright. Yes. Yes. I-G-A-N-D-O-N-N-E-R-I-L-N-B-N-B-B-R, A1257. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes, yes. Yes, yes. That's the rope. Yes, it is. Go around. Yes. Yes. Okay. The Medicare card number. Huh? Hold on. It is Q-6-Q-A-2-M-G-4-N-P-70. Got it? Got it? A and B date. K- obligation. K- gifts. Hospital part A is 8 1222 and the medical part B is just this year. January. 8 1257. I don't even know this number. 929. I'm going to give you the name of the primary care doctor, no, I've got a name, what was it, excuse me, hold on, excuse me, thank you, my name was Joyce, say that again to my last name again, go see, okay, got a number for her, did that again, no, no, will we be a enroll, and employ, no, no, no, no, I'm not going to take it for the share, for the part B premium, right, for the part B premium is all the Medicaid, by Medicaid, what are you talking about here, okay, no, send me the bill in the mail, you got to have one of them, hello, got you, got you, okay, no, yes, yes, I've been born on January 31st, 2024, oh, slow down, it's like Harry, it's like Harry, he's like Tom, he's like Tom, 106-186, oh, he likes Charles, it's HP, okay, HP, 1062-186, yes, yes, okay, so we all have 12 things forward, then we might take a piece of that back, we learn from the state, okay, and no one could split the actors later here, okay, yeah, I see, go up and down, yes, hello, do I have what, yes, yes, yes, yes, yeah, yes, the backers, yes, yes, hello, Yes. No. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That would set no people back. Yeah. No. I know the path. That would be a tough one. No. I have a medium. No. I do not have a job. No. No. No. Not for you. Up to the line. Yes. Yes. Yes. Some work. I'm afraid to hit. Say that again. No. No. No. No. No. No. Yes. Yes. I took the Oh, it's been a while. I need to see them. Huh? No. Oh, I need to hack the volume. See you again? Yeah. I'm not on the other side. See, I told that. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, it's been a while.