Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hello, Ms. Bernadette. It is the McRodriga's look clear match Medicare on a recorded line for quality and training purposes. I'm so sorry. We've been playing phone tag. Oh, I did it. It was a beep thing again. We just did a beep. No. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, okay. All right. So, all right. So I just speak with your husband and complete his enrollment. If you could just bear with me. I'm sorry. I have to go over these Medicare required disclaimers with whoever I talk to. So I'm just going to get past these disclaimers. And then we'll discuss your situation and check out your Medicare for you, okay? All right. So I am again, just required to state. Please note we do not offer every plan available in your area. Currently, we represent nine organizations which offer 46 products in your area. Please contact Medicare.gov at 1-800-Medicare or your local state health insurance program ship to get information on all your plan options. I'm going to play this quick 90-second recorded disclaimer. I'll get your permission to continue. And then we'll check your status, okay? Give it one moment. Thank you for your patience. Tuesday, January 30th, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number even if it is on the do not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the do not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. All right, ma'am, thank you so much for your patience and do you understand and agree to the disclaimer as it was played as well as us reaching out to you in the future if need be by phone call or text on today's date of January 30th, 2024. Thank you. All right, so what we would need with your permission if you would provide me your date of birth and your social security number. Again, I'm required let you know you do not have to if you don't want to but in order for me to look it up, I would need that. Do I have your permission to do so? All right, and your date of birth. All right, and then your social security number. Thank you, and then the spelling of your first name. Thank you, and then the same last name as your husband, it's B-A-S-S-E-T-T-O-K. All right, you're in the system. So your part A, it does show that it was established July 1st of 2023. Your part B is to go into effect February 1st of 2022. It's a special enrollment period confirmed in your eligible, I mean 24, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I was looking at this other thing I was greeting through your full summer here. Sorry about that. Yeah, no, you're good to go. So we can actually start your plan. I have your Medicare information here. I'm not allowed to give you the Medicare ID number, but you'll see it on the app anyway, but I have it here. And if you are ready to choose your plan option, we can start one for you February 1st because look up your doctors and prescriptions and whatnot and see what works for you. Okay, great. No worries to 2190. Well, care. Okay, let's see. All right. Now, I do have to look up, are there any other die? And for some, do you have any primary doctors, do you see the same ones or the same extent? All right, because this is a different me. All right. And the last name of your primary is, I'm sorry, because I don't, it's on the other record, not that one. That's right. Melanie, if it's Simmons, all right. And you see right 582, Roseville, true. Okay. And then you have the same specialists as he does too. Okay. Now just that, that one doctor. Mm hmm. Okay. And what's that I doctor's last name? I'm sorry. Yeah, I would not be able without a name, I just can't guarantee that physician. I'm sorry. I just, I wouldn't need a last name. Sure. Okay. Do you know the name of the doctor? Dr. Khan. Okay. Okay. It's an eye doctor. K-H-A-N. Oh, got it. There we go. 53C Wall Street. All right. Yep. He's with well care too. Okay. So like I was explaining to your husband just so you know, doctor fits Simmons. She is a primary physician, but she has a specialty under her belt, which is internal medicine, which pushes her to a specialty copay of the $30. Just so you know, even though it's a primary, but she may, you may be charged with $30. For application purposes, however, I have to just put a primary doctor on the app. You're not required to stay in network. There are no referrals or anything like that. Okay. You can choose whatever you want, but I just need to put one for the application here. Let me review one real quick and pull one up. Yeah. Yes. Because it's all going to be billed under fits Simmons. And she falls under a specialist is from what the carrier something. Because I called the carriers to find out what was going on with her. And they were like she can see you can see her, but it's the copay specialist because of how she contracted herself. So it's like there's no way around it unfortunately. What's that what's the assistance last name? Oh, did you get a like a prescription from them at all or anything? The physician assistance name is going to be on there because I'm going to need your meds anyway to check them out for you. Do you want to get your pill bottles together? Sure. Sure. Oh, it does. All right. So for a primary doctor that I just got to use for application purposes that you don't have to see could still stay would fit Simmons. Let me just hold one here. We are looking at the assist PPO. I'll just choose one that's MMP medical group. That's primary that you're able to put on here. MMP with broken journal medicine. So part of the MMP group. It's just no, your doctor you're going to see the specialist anyway under PPO. I'm just about for the application purpose. I just have to assign a doctor to the app. It doesn't mean that's a doctor you have to stay and see. That's just a process the app. If you wanted to see them you could I just wanted to keep you within the MMP just in case you decided you wanted you could see here. We'll choose this one right here. So there's like a doctor L. S. A. Johnson. Part of the MMP Westbrook family clinic which part of the same just different location. And we'll just put Dr. Ellis on the application purpose when you actually view the app you'll see the name but you can still see Dr. Fitt Simmons. It's just going to be the $30 co-pandor the specialist. And there's no referral there's no referrals required. You can choose whatever physician you want go anywhere throughout the US just so you know it's a it's a premium open PPO plan. So you literally get to choose whatever you want or assist open. I'm sorry PPO. All right so medications let's take a look at your meds make sure they're covered. Okay you have your bottles there. Okay. Listen up for oh probably $0 most common generic with the milligrams 20 help. Okay so we will put it quantity 30 I mean quantity 40 actually 2045. You're taking. You're taking a tablet and a half a day right. So then it. He only gave you 30 pills but told you take a tablet and a half that doesn't even equal out to a whole month. No I'm talking about so are you taking 20 million you're taking 30 milligrams a day not 20. Gotcha. All right that comes in 30 milligrams I show 30 made here. Yeah maybe the pharmacy themselves didn't I don't know. What's your preferred pharmacy and had a burden drug. Okay. Yeah so that drug would be. Zero dollars you don't pay anything for that medicine. Okay and it is also a tier six there is no quantity limits or authorizations needed on the preferred tier six generics. All right so this process that I do have to go over course is I need to go over the core benefits of the plan in case you have any questions. Okay I'm sure your husband had already you know went over it with you but I do have to do the same process. I do apologize I'll try to be as swift as possible here. So you do have to maintain Medicare part A part B to stay eligible. Medicare will continue to have you pay your part B is envoy premium. This plan is a extra twenty one dollars and ninety cents a month premium. Okay and then there is no medical deductibles. If you stay within the network your medical max is four thousand five hundred if you decide to go out of network it's eight thousand. Inpatient hospital care if you're admitted into the hospital in network days one through six each individual day has a flat copay of two seventy five per day. Then after the six day a hundred percent coverage for the remainder of the day. If you go out of network is days one through seven three hundred dollar copay per day then after the seventh day a hundred percent coverage. Our patient hospital services for our patient surgeries in a hospital in and out you're going home it is a three hundred dollar copay. If you are in the hospital due to observation and it's through the ER it's a hundred and twenty dollar copay three hundred at the hospital. Amatoid surgical center those are one day surgeries you're in and out. Enter out of network is a flat copay of two hundred and fifty primary doctor in or out of network is zero specialists are thirty dollars whether in or out of the network. Preventive care is always one hundred percent coverage emergency room care is a hundred and twenty dollar copay for the ER you have worldwide coverage. If you go outside the US they will reimburse up to fifty thousand dollars minus your hundred and twenty dollar copay. Urgent care services are a thirty five dollar copay you also have worldwide coverage on that too. Labs are zero for labs fifty dollar copay for genetic testing whether you're in or out of the network. Zero dollar copay for diagnostic testing procedures whether you're in or out of the network x-rays are zero as well whether you're in or out of the network. Dynastic radiology centers so if you do like MRI CT your pet scans out patient hospital you're going to have a three hundred dollar copay. If you use a standing facility it's a hundred dollar copay. Therapeutic radiology is a twenty percent co-insurance that is treatment for cancer hearing services to treat conditions of your ears the thirty dollar copay but for routine hearing exams you pay zero in network forty percent out of network. And you do get a thousand dollars towards your hearing aids per year every year. Dental services your oral exams cleanings and x-rays of course are covered a hundred percent in network. If you go out of network you could pay up to fifty percent the plan does give you up to a thousand dollars worth of major dental benefits per calendar year for vision. You pay zero dollar copays like four year routine eye exams diabetic screenings if it's to treat conditions of an eye it's a thirty dollar copay. If you have cataract surgery you pay zero for glasses after cataract surgery. Glockoma screenings you pay zero. You get two hundred dollars towards eye wear mental health services Medicare allows up to a hundred and ninety days in a psychiatric hospital in a lifetime days one through six. The copay is three hundred per day if you go out of network it stays one through seven three hundred per day for psychiatric hospital in patient. Individual therapy groups with or without a psychiatrist is a thirty five and twenty five dollar copay. Skill nursing facility for rehab days one through twenty you pay zero days twenty one to fifty of a two hundred three dollar copay zero dollar copay for days fifty one through a hundred. And then we have therapy rehabilitation services thirty dollar copay whether it's in or out of the network also occupational therapy is a thirty dollar copay pulmonary rehab in network fifteen dollar copay out of network twenty. And this is a three hundred dollar copay whether in or out of network it doesn't matter if even if it's by air or ground. Part B is I'm right I'm telling you these you guarantee to get there quicker I agree. And then Medicare part B drugs things like chemotherapy high tier injectables or infusion medications can fall under the medical portion of a plan that is twenty percent co insurance and then we have. This plan does have the insulin savings program to where if it's a preferred insulin it will always be a thirty five dollar copay every month. Allergy antigens are zero percent co insurance for any type of medication for that like the injections or whatnot deductible there's a four hundred eighty five dollar prescription deductible for tier two generics. tier three preferred brands tier four not preferred into your five specialty Medicare allows five thousand thirty dollars with the medicines and a calendar year. They count the cost of the drug plus your cul pay combined which you'll never hit that your drugs are very expensive right now. And what happens is when you go to your pharmacy of course your preferred pharmacy your tier one generics are zero. tier two are four dollars tier three are forty two dollars tier four is fifty percent co insurance and tier five is twenty five percent co insurance. They also have a tier six select care drug zero dollar copay so when you pay your copays and let's say you actually reach the five thousand thirty dollars you go into the next phase known as coverage gap some people still might use a term donut hole. You go into that phase you'll be responsible for certain medications twenty five percent co insurance. And then what Medicare does is they calculate any type of deductibles copay or co insurance and if you hit eight thousand dollars with the prescription drug cost to yourself the plan covers you a hundred percent. For all prescriptions for the remainder of the calendar year. Chiropractic doctors are twenty dollars acupuncture zero if you do it at a primary twenty at a chiropractic doctor office thirty for acupuncture specialist for that. Foot doctors but I just really basically are thirty dollar copays you can do the virtual visits as well online for your MDs home health care is zero meals you pay zero for meals when you do get released from the hospital they can send you up to fourteen days of meals. If you meet the needs of the chronic conditions programs you can also have routine meals sent to you a certain amount every calendar year. Procedetic devices normal medical supplies that things like wheelchair's oxygen artificial limbs or braces twenty percent co insurance. Diabetic supplies you pay zero diabetic therapeutic shoes are inserts are twenty percent co insurance. Or be a treatment programs are thirty dollar copay the wellness fitness program you pay zero you have the gym membership program. Smoking sensations classes are available five is a year zero. Of course your annual exams are what not that's all preventative one hundred percent coverage things like your pap test public exams mammograms all of your preventative services. And again if you do meet certain chronic conditions you would have a fifty dollar preload a card that you'd be able to use for other things like your over the counter benefits or whatnot and spendables if you meet their pre existing. And as far as you do receive a fifty dollar allowance the walker expendables preloaded for your over the counter benefits you have to follow to use those again require prior conditions like if you if you meet those you would receive that as well. Okay any questions it's basically the bulk of the plan. All right I know that was a lot to take in I apologize all right so I got the spelling of your first last name your data. First in here could you just please verify for me your residential address for your application. Okay and and you have it up a different email address or whatnot that you would like to add to your application. Okay and his is. I've been emailing him all day I had it when even think into myself. Let's see. I was like what did I just ask I think in like exactly I'm like I'm an emailing him back and forth let's see all right and we got that in there that looks good female date of birth all right. So now I'm going to load this application and is this a cell phone that you're currently on. Okay okay great because I'm going to send the application to you that way. All right and could you please perform you don't have that I have to ask it this way with your permission earlier that you gave me some personal information that allow me to look up your Medicare ID number and your effective dates do I have your permission to add that to your application today. Okay on that application will have that data so even though I physically cannot give it to you it will be on your app okay. See here and then for primary you'll just add it's going to show a primary doctor on here at least a Johnson. Again that's just a backup doctor you don't have to see the position okay it's just for the application purpose. All right so I am they will appear we're going to use is new because you are new to Medicare you're going to get a little ping on your phone it's going to be a text and your husband can actually help you walk through this he did it to. And I'll be on the line why you go ahead and do that yep you just put me on speaker phone if any questions let me know yes ma'am I'm here. All right so you just click that enrollment link you're going to review your application online make sure everything looks accurate. What question is it I already put that in the app you don't have to do anything there it should have what okay to ask if you're a current patient you're going to put no. Yes and then the question is are you yeah that the question is if you're patient you're going to put no hit no to that question yeah. That's going to have to be coupon book if you're not receiving mm-hmm that's been pre-filled all right yep it's been submitted so you're all set like I told you has been a 7 to 14 business days you'll receive a welcoming letter your ID card summary benefits all that other good stuff. So that's about it the next step is I just got to get you to enrollment verification team and they will just verify that you chose to plan on your own behalf is only for your protection only they just verify you are who you are and you did choose the plan make sure there isn't any questions that were left unanswered okay. It's like another minute or two and then you're all set thank you so much miss Bernadette if you need me you give me a call let me get you right over to them one moment please thank you. That's it I do have our enrollment verification team on the line she's going to take care of you from here you have a good day thank you yes ma'am. Hi miss basket my name is Luquanda I'm part of clear match Medicare customer care team I do want to let you know the call will be recorded for quality and showing the purposes. Okay so I'm just confirming your road into the well care assist open pp open would a start date of February 1st is that correct. And did Rebecca review your prescription medications and doctors with the photos enrollment lastly will like to ensure we have your permission to call there is a need to follow up. By saying yes you are confirming give it consider for our company to contact you will give you a follow up call with the 7 to 14 business days to be sure you get your new card in the mail into make sure you don't have questions at that time whatever you okay. I want to thank you for rolling do not hesitate to reach out to your agent you have any questions and you haven't wanted to stay safe welcome thank you bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hi Rebecca. No, that's fine. And I had a hell of a time of getting through to you because it only played music and then it told me You didn't leave a message, but there was never an opportunity to leave a message. So no, not even that it was just music It's all right. No big deal. Anyway, you got me. Okay, sounds good. Yes. Yes. Yes Yes, you do 28 58 0, 0, 3 6, 2 4, 3, 9, 7 B-E-R-N-A-D-E-T-T-E Yep You mean 24? Okay Yeah Yep Okay, Tom, do you make a plan for both of us? Same plan as Tom. Yeah, same ones Yep Yep, that was your name again, tell me the doctor Good Simmons Good Simmons. I always forget that name too No, no. I don't have any specialist. Yeah, actually I have my eye doctor Same doctor too. Boring as could be, but yeah Oh geez, what is his name? The last name, the eye doctor Fine I'm not sure it's fine. It's main optometry and In Portland. There's a hole. Is it Portland? No, but the big doctor that I went to, in Portland Oh, wait a minute. I might have it. Home medicine So, um Some renders basket home I care medical group And that is 53 C-wall street, SE W-A-L-L street Dr. Khan K-A-H-N Yep, yep No, K-A-H-N. Did you have it? Yep Yep, yeah, yeah Okay, yep. Gotcha Now, what happens if you need to see, I'm also dying, I see the physician's assistant But it's fine for me Um, we just still have the $30 copay at that point I got you, okay I got you Okay That's not the end of the world. Some of the gun I also got, don't remember. Thankfully, I only have the key once or twice a year So, uh, yeah, I did. Yeah, I mean, it's nothing major Oh, let me get this only one, but I need to go to a different spot Um, yeah, I'm not sure if that falls on our hands and we check Oh, man, I need to grab something Yeah Yeah, it is only, it says only fit Simmons So Yep Why is it Westbrook? The doctor is in Wyndham Okay Okay Yep Right, I just sent it over there Okay, yeah, it's only one. Listen to Pro. Yeah, listen to Pro Um, 20 But actually that, well, the description is 20, but I need to take a tablet and a half So I don't know how you want to look at it No, no, do one of the 30 Yeah, so it is only, it's 30 Oh, you're talking about the amount. I'm talking about the milligrams Right, and that's 135 tablets Because they don't make 30 They don't make 30 Well, the pharmacy didn't have it that I guess Hard Yeah, I have Haniford and Haniford's pharmacy in Westbrook Same for Thomas Yep Okay Yep Yep Right, so I'll use the helicopter then, right? Yeah Sounds good to me 24 sweat road in Wyndham, Maine Let's use Thomas's then we use those saying You know T.P. Bassets At gmail.com Well, no, you know for sure Right? Yeah, that's really the only way to reach me Really? Yes Mm-hmm Yeah, here, do you want me to check it? Um, okay, I don't know how to get to that Okay, hold on Are you still there? Okay, yeah, what do you want me to do with the enrollment thing? Oh Hold on He's the patient You got to wait in my ear, babe Go see Tommy Yes, I guess The position's first name and last name Well, it's asking me something Yes or no No It says It says my primary doctor, it says Alice Johnson with a PCP number The question is yes or no Oh, I got you No, do not How do you want those monthly payments then? Cooper Got it, got it Okay And when do we have to fill out race? Completing enrollment on my own, right? Yeah Yeah I think we got it Sounds great, thank you You too, thank you Correct Yes, you did He's actually Yes, thank you, you too Bye-bye