Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling well care medic care. My name is Chris look now. They are my license agent What are the pleasures? Thank you All right, man. How are you doing today? I'm doing well. I appreciate it. So we're just looking to see If you're eligible for part C That's about it, or would any of the benefits you're looking into like a flex card Okay, yeah, what's your zip code again? Now do you also receive Medicaid? Yeah, I mean the most that you would qualify for would be a give back, but without Medicaid no flex card And the give back it'd be like a $77 That's where they put $77 back into Social Security check every month. Yep, I think that accomplished for you here Let me see now do you have any other carrier or our coverage is besides your Medicare part A and B? Oh Okay Yeah, so then this one is the well care give back open So $0 premium coverage policy so it doesn't cost anything extra coverage type is part A B and D So it's hospital medical and prescription. Yeah, that all makes part C All right, so home health care is $0 your lab work and blood work and x-rays and that's $0.0 Co-paying network Regular doctor visits is $0.0 co-pay If you get to go to urgent care is a $40 co-pay And then for the specialist is a $25 co-pay per visit All right, any any prescription drugs right now? Okay, not so so normally for most Preferred generic drugs or generic drugs. Those are tier one and tier two's Don't make those costs zero dollars for one month And then Tier three would be 42 that would be a brand name So if it's a brand would normally 42 under a brand zero dollars Do the only thing would be to enroll into this plan does let's see if you're eligible to enroll first Just since you did miss the annual enrollment period. It looks like where are you new to Medicare for any chance? I apologize about that Try to leave all this alone Okay, so do you have let's take a look give you red, white and blue card That's the Medicare card Okay, yeah, we can try that See the only other way I can pull you it would be first name last name data birth and social It's gonna be up to you. Okay, and then step C-A-R and last name Okay Got your data birth All right, then social okay, I'm happy here Well, it looks like you just enrolled into a plan last week Oh Because I chose this show here. I got you got You have You had something start this this month, January 1st And then you're switching over to Well care no premium. Yeah. Oh, so you're joining well care. You're just still gonna be with us But you're not you're not gonna be you're not gonna be on the give back did you want to be on that give back one Okay, because the one that you were the one that you signed up for is the well care no premium Which to give back is still no premium? So to give back is still no premium Correct, so you're still gonna get that give back the $77 a month, but you have to be under where it says well care give back Um, and the plan you're on is a different one. It's the well care no premium Now they're both zero dollar policies So the main difference I would say between the the to give back and the other one would probably be Um, maybe the amount between dental and vision dental and the vision portion of it So we could take a look at that But that would be about the most So you know, it's about the same zero dollar co-pay for doctor alphas 45 for specialties um Inpatient 375 per day for days one to five For the hospital urgent care 25 dollars Um I'll practice $15 co-pay That tool Yeah $15 co-pay Uh, we can send you a whole packet of them Uh list of the directors So you want to do that? Okay And you said you normally use CVS or Vulcans Uh, for your pharmacy where do you normally go for that? Okay, and I know you're I know you're since since you already I'm sorry Oh, okay So I was going to say is your doctor So they probably already looked at your doctor and they're accepted, but I just want to double check Who is your um primary care doctor Yeah, we double check out Uh, they got your doctor in here Actually no doctor No, so I mean if you want to pick one or it's still Go to your current doctor. I mean If they've been taking okay, they're still going to take both care Okay, so we we can get you you want me to get you a different doctor Yep, I can do that Yeah, I got one right there until on On hemstead term spike or is it a hemstead You said that that works that works fine Any doctor? Okay Leo Jingbo E uh, then we have Useline Bellis In floral park Okay There's Deniah Deniah Francois and hemstead on 135 main street That's a no okay I got one on a hill to have a new hemstead You just want to say Frank looks for All right, let me see if I can narrow that down here Is it farther than five miles? Oh, okay, yeah, no because I was saying I was I'm looking within a five mile radius And I got Valley Stream, Limbroke, Hemstead, Rockville, Center, Brooklyn All these places that are within five miles and there's no Franklin Square What's that one of you have the name I could use that to look them up That would be a lot more easier Okay, well this plan you can pick um, you don't have to have a doctor for me to sign you up on it You could just pick a doctor The doctor part's going to be up to you Yeah Yeah, there's no rush on the doctor Uh, it's a PPO policy so PPO just means that you don't have to have a primary to get a referral Um, you can just go see a doctor Okay, all right, Ms. Carlin, give me a couple of minutes here. I'll put you on a brief hold. I'll get your um information and paperwork get that ready to get sent out to Uh, then we'll go over the application, okay Welcome All right, Ms. Carlin, you still there with me? Can you prefer a car or a car? Yeah, all right, so we'll go ahead and Get into this application here. No This is really All right, and I just want to confirm on the call here It will be recorded for the enrollment process and you do not have Medicaid, correct? Okay Thank you just verify the spelling of your first and last name as it appears on your Medicare card Okay Okay, and then what is your county and resident street ijrx All right, fixed and now these two questions are just mandatory for me to ask optional for you to answer Are you have Hispanic Latino or Spanish origin and what's your grace? Okay Oh, yeah, I do as well How do you want your pet? Do you want your pet information and any other language in English? Yeah All right, so I'm going to go ahead and Play it's about a three minute recording directly from Medicare right after that. We can do your approval, okay Well Well care is a Medicare Advantage plan and has a contract with the federal government I will need to keep my Medicare parts say in B I can only be in one Medicare Advantage plan at a time and I understand that my enrollment in this plan will automatically And mine enrollment in another Medicare health plan. It is my responsibility to inform you of any prescription drug coverage that I have or may get in the future Enrollment in this plan is generally for the entire year Once I enroll I may leave this plan or make changes only at certain times of the year if an enrollment period is available Example annual enrollment period from October 15, December 7 or under certain special circumstances Well care serves a specific service area If I move out of the area that well care serves I need to notify the plan so I can disenroll and find a new plan in my new area Once I am a member of well care I have the right to appeal plan decisions about payment or services if I disagree I will read the evidence of coverage document from well care when I get it to know which rules I must follow to get coverage with this Medicare Advantage plan I understand that people with Medicare aren't usually covered under Medicare while out of the country Except for limited coverage near the US border I understand that beginning on the date well care coverage begins I must get all of my health care from well care Except for emergency or urgently needed services or out of area dialysis services Services authorized by well care and other services contained in my well care evidence of coverage document Also known as a member contractor subscriber agreement will be covered Without authorization neither Medicare nor well care will pay for the services I understand that if I am getting assistance from a sales agent broker or other individual employed by or contracted with well care He or she may be paid based on my enrollment in well care dot release of information By joining this Medicare health plan I acknowledge that the Medicare health plan will release my information to Medicare and other plans As is necessary for treatment, payment and health care operations I also acknowledge that well care will release my information including my prescription drug event data to Medicare Who may release it for research and other purposes which follow all applicable federal statutes and regulations The information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of my knowledge I understand that if I intentionally provide false information on this form I will be disenrolled from the plan I understand that my signature or the signature of the person authorized to act on my behalf under the laws of the state where I live on this application Means that I have read and understand the contents of this application If signed by an authorized individual as described above this signature certifies that One, this person is authorized under state law to complete this enrollment and two documentation of this authority is available upon request for Medicare Yes, ma'am I am here I'm his care and so that's about it there. We are all done Did you have any other questions for me? All right, so let me get your confirmation number here All right, it's gonna be ages and Harry P as in Paul She is in Tom 106 1281 Yes, ma'am you got it all right and so Yes, ma'am so I'll send you out a new card. Also, um, you're welcome packet. It'll have a year um directory guide All your welcome information And if you have any questions or concerns, let me give you my phone number I's gonna be eight fourth Okay, let me know eight four four nine eight one one four zero seven My name is my name is Chris CHRIS Last name vignade v as in victor i g as in goat one four zero seven Yeah, my last name is v as in victor i g as in goat and as a nancy a as an apple t as in tom i as an indigo vignade v i g and a ti Yes, ma'am. That's my pleasure. You'll be a great deal. Okay. They're welcome My pleasure. Have a good one

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  I have Karen Martinez on the line. Her zip code is 1-1-0-1-0. Saves of birth is November 16, 1951. She has Medicare Part A and Bar B. And she calls today because she wants to see if she will find her part C. All right, we want to look into more benefits. So, Ms. Martinez, a license agent, will take over now. Have a good day. Okay, you as well. Thank you. Hi, sir. I'm okay in you. I think there's something about extra benefits that like a CVS or a room of Walgreens, 1-10-10. Okay, so what's the give back? Okay. Okay, so you can help me get that accomplished? No, that's it. A, B, and D. No, I was on some, some diabetic, but I don't, I looked a lot of weight and I think the diabetes went away. Okay. Is there anything I have to do or, no, I just lost my husband, so it's been like, you know, a little bit crazy. Thank you, sir. I do. I'm not sure where it is. Yeah, I have it. I don't know where it is right now. I could see if it's in my phone book, sometimes I write it in and that. Okay. I'm not sure where it is, join it. My legal name is Carmen and Martinez. So, show is 117. C-A-R-M-E-N. That's the legal name. I use Karen C-A-R-E-N. Martinez, or Martinez. That's the way the rest of America says it. 1116, 1951. 117, 38, 30, 28. I'm sorry. What is it? Is it a well care? Yes. Okay, so now what's the give back? What? So what's the same in other words? What's the difference in? Okay. So is there a difference or not really? Okay. I repracted $15. How do I find a list of chiropractors? Yes, sure. Thank you. I'm sorry. Walgreens on Franklin Avenue or West Hamstead. Well, sometimes I go to Walgreens on Hempstead Turnpike in West Hempstead. I'm not sure. Did I put down KERP and K-E or P-I-N? This office gets kind of crazy. I don't know if I want to go to Hempstead. Is there someone on the turnpike? I think. No doctor? No, she messed up real bad. Miss Diagno's my husband and I lost him because of her rest. I don't want to stay with her. I'm sorry? No, where's it? Oh, where's this? No, I don't want to go to Floor Park. I'd like to stay in Franklin Square if I can. I think there's somebody. I can't remember them. Nope. No. Franklin Square. One, ten, ten. I think there might be somebody on Simpson Avenue? Nope. What town? I'm not going five miles. I don't even want to go one mile. Nope. No, but I'm not going that far. We have done here in Franklin Square. We have doctors here in Franklin Square. Do you want me to call? Is it okay if I call you back with the name? I don't have the name right now. Okay, so I could do it in a few days. Okay, I'll do that then. All right, then that's fine. Okay. All right, that's good. Okay, thank you so much. Hello, yes, I'm here. It would probably be C-A-R-M-E-N. But I prefer to use C-A-R-E-N. That's so county. Two, fourteen, Hoffman Street. Franklin Square, zip code one, ten, ten. So I'm here for like, here for seven generations. We do come from a Spanish background. Isn't it easy as well? Sorry? Yes, I only, I don't understand any of the, I can understand it. If I hear somebody talking, I know what they're saying, but I can't write or read it. Okay, thank you, sir. Okay, thank you, sir. Thomas, one, zero, six, one, two, eight, one. All right, so a new card is going to come in the mail. Hold on to one second. Okay, four, one, sorry, go ahead. Let me go. Eight, four, four, one, eight, one, four, zero, seven. And what was your name again? I'm sorry. Sorry, can you repeat that? C-I-C, okay, then. C-I-G-N, was that an A? OK, thank you so much, OK? Okay, thank you, sir. Thanks for all your help, I appreciate it.