Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling clear match Medicare. This call is being recorded for quality and training purposes. My name is Tiffany Flowers. I'm a licensed insurance agent. How can I help you today? Vietnamese, okay. One moment. I think for calling now is live solutions. This is your very three seven eight three six several. Hope each of it. No meetings of each other today. This call might be money dealt for training and 40 days trans purposes. Hi, I have San Kwang on the line and he needs an interpreter so that he can get our assistance. Okay, thank you very much. Hello. Hello, I'm not being a Vietnamese or a big hair. We're going to tell you how long I've been working on this. I don't know if it's going to be long or not. Hi, we're ready. All right. My name is Tiffany Flowers. Thank you for calling clear match Medicare. I'm a licensed health insurance agent. How can I help you? I'm going to give a Medicare. I'm going to give a Medicare. So I was in the middle another phone call. I was talking about Medicare part A and B for one year already. But I still have some restrictions. So I have not for change the part B. He said he has not changed to part B. No, he has not by the part part B. And he only has B for D product. Oh, he needs prescription coverage. Okay. Okay, I'll be happy to help you with that. My job is to assist Medicare recipients and finding plans that meet your needs and helping you take advantage of everything you're entitled to. Yeah. I'm sure you've done that. I'm going to ask. May I ask for your part A and B for your doctor and hospital coverage? Do you only have Medicare? Okay, from ever from better. I'm just going to give a Medicare. Okay, excellent. So let's get you everything that you're entitled to. May I have your zip code and your county and? Is that in Houston, Texas. Yes, all right. Please note, we don't offer every plan available in your area. Currently we represent 27 organizations, which offer 150,000 products nationwide. Please contact. Please contact medicare.gov 1-800-Medicare or your local health insurance program to get information on all of your options. All right, looking into your area, there's a lot of options for you. May I have the spelling of your first and last name? My name is San Juan X-A-N-H. Last name Q-U-A-N-G. Thank you. What is your date of birth? 63-63-63. All right, thank you for that. What is your email address? My email is San-G, Q-U-A-N-G. Last name Q-U-A-N-G. Thank you. Are we speaking on a landline or a cell phone? In addition to that prescription coverage, are you in need of any other benefits like dental eyeglasses over the counter coverage? The policies that we offer are full coverage plans so they do cover you from head to toe. They help cover the 20% for your doctors and hospitals that medicare doesn't cover. They help cover your prescriptions as well as your dental vision and hearing. In these policies, usually don't have a monthly premium so you don't have to pay anything for them monthly. As I look into the benefits that we've discussed, Medicare requires that I play a recorded disclaimer, while this recording is playing, I'll be searching for the information on the benefits that we've talked about. Now, hold for one moment while I play this disclaimer. I know it's in a different language. I'm going to get the actual verbiage for it here shortly. Do you record it for quality and training purposes? You are not required to give any health information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan or program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan or program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you roll into a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you into a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language services free of charge are available to you. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare Advantage organization with the Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part B sponsor. Can I have a last part again please after free of charge for the language? Yes. In case we're disconnected, if we call you or text you for any reason today, do we have permission? The last prerequisite is a scope of appointment. Do we have your permission to discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drugs? Dental vision and hearing, cancer heart attack and stroke, or any hospital coverage as they may be needed today? Thank you so much for your patience. Do you currently make your own health care decisions? Yes. Okay. And is there anyone else in the household that also has Medicare that needs our assistance today? Can you please grab your red, white and blue Medicare card so that we can pull up your profile? Okay. Go ahead and read off the ID number for me. Good luck with your office ID. Okay. So keep your head. So that wouldn't be the Medicare number. The Medicare number is a mixture of numbers and letters with dashes in between and it would say Medicare health insurance on the card. If you don't have access to that card, I can also use it, pull it up using your social security. Okay. So Medicare health insurance should be Medicare health insurance on the card. So Medicare health insurance should be Medicare health insurance on the card. 777-4-100-766. 777-4-100-766. And that's his social security number? Yes. Okay. Do I have your permission to verify your information in the Medicare database? Okay. Please give me one moment while I pull that information up for you. Yeah. Why the way I have my Medicare number already, if you need it? Well, I'm actually pulling it up right now, so just a few more moments. What is that Medicare number? The system is glitching. Okay. 777-766. Okay. Okay. So that's 7A for Apple, 7.9. QAs in clean, XAs in X-Ray, 7. RAs in Romeo, AAs in Apple, 26. Thank you. Bear with me one moment while I pull that information up. It's having a hard time pulling up your information. With that Medicare number, I'm going to read it back to you one more time. 7A as in Apple, 7.9. QAs in clean, XAs in X-Ray, 7. RAs in... QX1, A, 2 cents. Okay. That's what it is. Thank you. Okay. Here he goes. Give me one moment while I look into his profile to see how he's currently being covered. Can you ask Mr. Kwang to take a few moments to gather the names of any doctors that he wants me to check into and any medications that he wants covered? And then whenever he's ready, I'll be ready for the name of his first doctor. And look like he's already in a full coverage plan through Kelsey Care that covers his doctor's hospital's prescriptions, dental vision and hearing. However, there's a lot of opportunity for him to upgrade his coverage. Yes. Okay. Okay. I would like you to check for Dr. Lee Lee Lee. Can you show me? You why? For Harry, you for Union, why for Yellow? Let's name L.E. Okay. Here we go. Do you see him on Scarsdale Boulevard in Houston? Are there any other doctors that you'd like for me to check? I have been with this doctor for eight years. Okay. Excellent. And what's the name of your first medication? And how many per day? One. All right. And what's the next medication? No problem. Yes. Whenever he's ready for the next medication, I am. And how many milligrams? 25. All right. How many per day? One. Thank you. And for your next medication? No. That's it. That's it. Okay. And what pharmacy do you go to? Thank you for that information. So give me a few moments while I review the policies to see which companies are partnering with your doctors and covering both of your medications. I have found two different policies that are covering both your doctor and both of your medications. One policy has no monthly premium, no copay to see Dr. Fully, and $30 for specialist. So it doesn't cost you anything to have the full coverage policy. And then for dental, they give you $2,500 a year to go towards your dental and $275 every year to go towards eyeglasses. Okay. That's the first policy, right? Yes. And then there's another policy through well care, also no monthly premium, no copay for his primary. Both the doctors and medications are covered. It's higher copays, so it would be $50 for the specialist. And it's not as comprehensive dental, it's only preventive. However, this policy would give him $111 back into his social security every month. So would he rather be in the policy that has more benefits or gives him actual money in his social security every month? This policy has also been in the last 2,000 years for dental, so it's been in the last 2,000 years for $275 to go towards eyeglasses every year. The second policy has also been in the last 2,000 years for well care. It's not a financial policy, it's not a copay for his primary. But if he goes towards eyeglasses, he'll give you $50. That's it, right? We're getting anxious at work. I would like to go for the second policy, the one with 110 money back to my social security.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Pliii nguyên chân chân lây Việt Nam, ok, nghe có lúc nãy có có gọi một lần nhưng mà nó bị dắng đoạn bị tắt máy bây giờ nói tất cả phòng là mình mua mấy đi kèa này là một năm rồi mua phòng A cũng B, nhưng Phần B là mình còn có thuốc cố, thuốc cố mình nâng, mình chưa mua phần B như vậy, đúng là phần đây là khám bực sĩ một thuốc, nó rõi cái không, không chỉ có một đi kè thôi hà rích 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 5, đúng rồi, ok, học màu quan, tên xanh, h, h, h, h, h, h, h, h, h, h, h, h, h, h, h, h, h, đúng rồi 4, 7, 1, 9, 5, 3, đúng rồi, xanh kí quan, xanh kí quan, 1, 9, 5, 3, à cầm, gửa mèo chấm cầm, cái gì đậm, tối gì đậm khám, không cần mấy cái đó, ok, chú khắp đi kiếm này, chú là hầu chức là chú khám của khám Lé Huý, Lé Huý, đồng ý đồng ý, đúng rồi chú đồng, không, chú, mình ra nhà thôi, để chú, chú đậm, đậm chá thính chú đơn bằng cái thại, chú đơn bằng cái thại, đậm chú, chú đẩy, chú đẩy, chú đẩy, chú đậm, ká, xe, á, ká, xe, á, ká, xe, á, ká, xe, xe, á, chú đ bây giờ là chú khám ấm lê hơi, không lê hơi bất xỉ lê hơi, ông đợi đừng sự cơ đèo đó, là chú vị cái cao, cao máu, cao máu đó, đúng rồi lê hơi, không chú chỉ một lợi này thôi, một lợi cao máu này thôi, ai lợi chút này, chú lấy ở vô mạch, có như là lấy ở thút, có như cho đơn, có mình lấy ở vô mạch ạ chú nhận cái giả tạ về cho giả hầng tháng về cái tài khoảng của chú, ăn sinh chào ạ bây giờ là chú khám ấm lê ấm lê