Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hi, I'm calling to speak with Sylvia. Hi Sylvia. This is Jenna Martinez with well-care Medicare and this call is recorded for quality and training purposes. How are you doing today? Good. And please note, we do not offer every plan available in your area. I was just reaching back out to you so we could go over those benefits on that well-care assist plan. Did you have time to go over that now? Okay, so I was we had an appointment today to get you signed up so that we can make sure that your coverage would start for February. So it won't take very long. We're just going to go through those benefits really quickly and then we'll go ahead and get that enrollment application taking care of it today as well. So that you can make sure to start receiving all of those benefits that we talked about starting as early as February 1st. Okay, okay. And so again, last time we had talked, you were on that well-care no premium PPL plan. Now I'm going to go ahead and we'll go we'll open up those benefits. Now last time we had talked, you weren't taking any medications and you weren't seeing any doctors. Is that still correct? Okay. Okay. And based on your level of extra help, we do have a well-care assist plan. So I'm going to go through those benefits with you really quickly. This well-care assist plan actually works with your level of extra help to provide you with lower prescription costs. I'm in it helps to give better benefits. Now the monthly plan premium is $32.30. However, Medicare will pay that level of extra help will actually pay that monthly premium. So the premium for you will be $0.00. You just must continue to pay your Medicare Part B premium in order to be eligible. There is no deductible for medical coverage, so you don't need to pay anything before you start receiving any benefits. And then the maximum out of pocket responsibility allowance is $6,700 annually, meaning that that is the most that you could pay for co-pays and co-insurances in a year if you were ever to get very sick. Now just in case of an emergency, what is your preferred hospital? Okay. Let me take a look here. Okay. And is that the Brooklyn Hospital Center on Dicalb Avenue in Brooklyn, New York? Okay. Perfect. And they are in network. So you would be covered there. I'll go ahead and I do have that added to your profile. And then I'm so inpatient hospital coverage in network for each and this plan is an HMO plan. So you do have to stay in network. I'm now for inpatient hospital coverage. That would be a $600 copay per day for days one through three. And then a $0 copay per day for days four through 90 outpatient hospital coverage would be a $0 copay for diagnostic colonoscopies. A $250 copay for outpatient surgical services and a $125 copay for non-surgical services, including outpatient palliative care. I'm outpatient hospital observation services. When entering through an emergency room, that would be a $100 copay. And when entering observation status through an outpatient facility, that is a $250 copay. Ambulatory surgical center services are a $25 copay. And then we will go ahead and find you a primary care physician today and primary care physician visits are a $0 copay. And then if they do refer you to any specialist, that would be a $35 copay. Preventative care like your annual wellness visit, screenings, vaccinations, those will all be a $0 copay emergency care would have a $100 copay. And that is waived if you are admitted into the hospital within 24 hours. Urgently needed services are a $25 copay. And again, that is waived if you are admitted into the hospital within 24 hours. Worldwide emergency care and worldwide urgent care is covered as well. And that is a $100 copay. Diagnastic services labs and imaging lab services. It would be a $50 copay for genetic testing and then a $0 copay for all other labs. Diagnastic tests and procedures, Medicare coverage, bio-metry test and specified testing related services have a $0 copay and all other diagnostic procedures and tests have a $20 copay. Outpatient X-rays have a $0 copay, mammograms have a $0 copay, your diagnostic radiology services received an outpatient setting, have a $125 copay, and then all other services received in all other locations. They have a $50 copay, therapeutic radiology has a 20% coinsurance. Now as we had talked about last time, this plan is going to greatly improve your dental vision and hearing benefits. It's going to give you those better copays and better coverage. Now the hearing services, your routine hearing exam is a $0 copay. Hearing aids are covered of all types, and that is a $0 copay. And their hearing aid allowance is up to $1,000 per year every year. Preventative services like cleaning, X-rays, oral exams, fluoride treatments, those are all a $0 copay. And then as far as the additional benefits, there is going to be for the comprehensive coverage for dental that includes prosthodontics and other oral or maxillofacial surgery services, non-routine services, endodontics, periodontics and extractions, restorative and diagnostics. Those would all be a $0 copay and the plan covers those services up to $2,000 per plan year. I services, your routine eye exam is a $0 copay, glaucoma screening is a $0 copay as well. And we do give a $200 combined allowance towards contacts and glasses every year for a $0 copay for you. So that will improve those benefits. Now as far as like outpatient health visits or sorry mental health visits and services inpatient visits would be a $575 copay per day for days 1 through 3 and a $0 copay for days 4 through 90 outpatient individual or outpatient group therapy visits have a $25 copay. And those were lower compared to your current plan, skilled nursing facilities for each benefit period that is a $0 copay per day for days 1 through 20, a $200 and $3 copay per day for days 21 through 60 and a $0 copay per day for days 61 through 100. And that actually is a less amount of time that you have to pay the copayment for versus your current plan as well. Therapy and rehabilitation services physical therapy outpatient rehabilitation services provided by an occupational therapist those are both going to be a $35 copay pulmonary rehabilitation services have a $15 copay. This plan does also cover ground and air ambulance for a $250 copay. And then in addition, this plan does also cover transportation services up to 24 rides every year to select plan different plan approved healthcare location. And that is a $0 copay for you now Medicare part B drugs chemotherapy and other part B drugs insulin and allergy antigens those are all covered the chemotherapy and other part B drugs are a 20% co insurance insulin has a $35 copay maximum per month. Allergy antigens have a 0% co insurance and then I know you don't currently take any prescriptions, but we will go over those just in case you were to have any kind of any kind of prescriptions be prescribed. So then you are aware of what the drug cost could be under this plan if you did not receive your level of extra help. Because you do have extra help you do receive lower copays on your prescriptions as well, but we do have to go over what the coverage what the cost could be if you lost that level of extra help or had a change in income. Now the deductible for prescription coverage is $540 for tier 2 tier 3 tier 4 and tier 5 drugs for all other coverage drugs you would go straight into the initial coverage stage. And the initial coverage stage you would pay the following until total yearly drug cost reached $5,030. The preferred pharmacy has tier 1 drugs listed as a $0 copay, tier 2 drugs listed as a $20 or less copay, tier 3 drugs listed as a $47 or less copay, tier 4 drugs as a 45% or less co insurance, tier 5 drugs as a 25% or less co insurance and tier 6 drugs as a $0 copay. Now we do also provide a mail order pharmacy as well. That is a 30 day or 100 day supplies available for the option and tier 1 prescriptions at the preferred pharmacy are going to have a $0 copay, tier 2 prescriptions will also have a $0 copay for the 100 day supply. Tier 3 prescriptions have a $94 or less copay, tier 4 prescriptions have a $45 or less copay, tier 5 prescriptions have a $25 or less copay and tier 6 have a $0 copay. The Stage 3 coverage gap stage is after total drug cost reached $5,030. Then you would pay no more than a 25% co insurance for generic or brand name drugs during the coverage gap stage. And then the Stage 4 catastrophic coverage stage is after yearly out of pocket drug costs reach $8,000. Once in that stage then the plan would pay the cost for all covered drugs. This plan does also include chiropractic services, both Medicare covered and routine chiropractic services are a $15 copay and for routine services they do cover unlimited visits every year. Acupuncture Medicare covered would have a $0 copay at the primary care office, a $15 copay at a chiropractor office and a $35 copay at the specialist. Routine Acupuncture is also covered for a $0 copay and that is a limit of 12 visits per year. Pediatry services or foot care is also included and that is a $35 copay. Home health agency care is also covered that is a $0 copay. Virtual visits 24 hours a day, seven days a week gives you board, virtual visits access to board certified doctors via Teladoc in case you aren't able to make it into the doctor's office and we do also have a 24 hour nurse advice line and no cost to you as well. And then this plan also does cover two meal benefits post-acute meals that would be a $0 copay if you did have an inpatient hospital stay in order to aid in recovery. We do provide three meals a day for up to 14 days for $0 copay chronic meals if you are this is a supervised program designed to transition members with specific chronic conditions to lifestyle modifications. And that is three meals a day for 28 days for a maximum of 84 meals per month and that is a $0 copay medical equipment and supplies. Durable medical equipment and prosthetics and diabetic therapeutic shoes are inserts have a 20% co insurance opioid treatment program services have a $35 copay prosthetics or sorry diabetic supplies have a $0 copay. And then we do also as a part of our wellness program include a fitness benefit for a $0 copay that covers an annual membership at participating health clubs or fitness centers and then additional part of the wellness benefit. We do cover additional sessions of smoking and tobacco cessation counseling five visits per year for a $0 copay annual physical exams are a $0 copay as well. And we do also cover personal emergency medical response devices that covers both the device and the monthly premium for a $0 copay. And then as a part of the last few benefits in home support services are also covered under this plan as long as you do meet the criteria. You can receive two services in two hour increments and that's a $0 copay for up to six visits per year. And then we do also provide a well care spendable card and that is a $47 amount every quarter preloaded on to the well care spendable card and that allowance can be used towards over the counter item. Now were there any other benefits that were important to you that we hadn't gone over what was that I'm sorry. Oh, okay, no other benefits. Okay, perfect. And just so we can make sure that we do have the correct information on file to make you what you need. Can you confirm your home address for me? Okay, perfect. Thank you for that. And then I know we like we talked about you don't currently have a primary care physician. And now are you do you have like a specific area that you'd like me to look for or just someone who is close to you. Okay, if you want to grab that name, we can look them up just to make sure that they'll be covered under the plan. Okay. Okay, so that's on pause a street. Okay, let me see here. Is that let me see. Dr. Caskia Charlotte. Okay, it's just in. Okay, because when I when I do look up that address 10 plus a street. I am pulling up it looks like there's like an allergist in that location. Okay, and you said you don't have like the doctor's name written down at all. Have you been to that doctor yet or was that just okay? Okay, so is it okay if we do help you find like a different doctor in network today. Is it okay if I might help you to find a different primary care physician today if you haven't been to that one before. Okay, perfect. So I do have also. Okay, let me see here primary care physician. Are you familiar with like son sunrise medical group? No, okay. That would be on Clinton Avenue. Is that close by? Okay, perfect. So this is a doctor in sunrise medical group at 535. The 535 Clinton Avenue in Brooklyn, New York. Okay, actually just one second. It does look like I just want to make sure they're going to be accepting your specific plan. Okay. Okay, and actually on we'll have you right down this will be on Plaza Street East. Similar to right down the road from where you had written down previously. Sorry about that. I just want to make sure that any doctor we look at will be in network accepting new patients. So you don't have any difficulty. So this would be at 60 Plaza Street. East. East. East. In Brooklyn. And I have a few different options for you in this specific location. I have Anna Mace one. So that's ANNA. Mace one. M-A-C-E-W-A-N. Yes. And there's also a Roberto Robinson in the office as well. R-O-B-E-R-T-O. Yes. Robinson R-O-B-I-N-S-O-N. Okay. And Dr. Roberto's, both of their phone numbers actually to make an appointment would be 718-783-3919. Yes. Okay. Perfect. And so when we go ahead and get this application process today, this plan would go into effect on February 1st, 2024, once it has been approved. So you would be able to make an appointment with them here within the next month. Okay. Perfect. And then as a reminder, this is an HMO plan. So please note, if you do go to a doctor, hospital, or medical facility that is not in the plan's network, then you would be responsible for 100% of the cost for that appointment. And if you do choose from the plan's large network of providers, then your services will be covered at the copay amount listed in the summary. And again, the three main reasons that we did choose this plan is that it's going to multiply your dental coverage by three. It's going to improve that coverage drastically. It also improves your hearing and your vision. It's going to give you better copays, and it also gives you more money and over the counter compared to the plan that you're currently on. Okay. Now, if there are no further questions, are you ready to enroll today? The application, it typically takes about 10 to 15 minutes at most. We did all of the hard work. So the application, I typically will send it to you in an email or a text will walk through the application and you review everything, make sure it looks good. And then you would submit it over the phone while you submit it online over the phone. And so it's a pretty quick process about 10 to 15 minutes at most. Okay. Perfect. Now, again, I am going to be your agent moving forward. So if you do have any questions in the future, you can always give me a call back. Or if there is you have any questions about an advertisement, if someone else calls you, I am always happy to go back over your options and discuss the benefits with you in the future. And I can send that application, as I mentioned, via text or email today, which would you prefer? Okay. You don't have email. Okay. So we'll go ahead and make sure we get that sent through a text today. And is that going to be at the phone number ending in 8004? Okay. Perfect. So we won't be able to send it in the mail. We do typically just fill those out over the phone. It's a pretty quick process. I would send you a text. You'd go to your messages and it will have a link that you click on. And then we'll pretty much review everything together. I'd walk you through the whole thing and stay on the phone with you. So it's a pretty quick and easy process. Okay. And just one moment while I get that application ready for us so that I can send that over to you. Okay. I do appreciate your patience while I'm getting that set up for us really quickly. And then in the event that you were prescribed any kind of medication, what would be your preferred pharmacy? Okay. Let me take a look here so I can verify. Hi. Okay. Is that crest on at 913 full and street? Okay. Okay. Okay. Perfect. And then just one more moment. I'm getting that quick approval. And then we'll go ahead and get that sent over to you in a text. I'm now are you able to put me on speakerphone at all today? Okay. Yes. I can hear you. Okay. Perfect. Okay. So if you want to go ahead and open up your text messages, I will go ahead and get that sent over to your phone number. I have listed as two sorry 929246804. Okay. Perfect. Okay. And in just a moment that is going to go ahead and come through and then we will make sure to start on the application. And like I said, once you do receive that text, it's going to have a blue link. It's going to say your Medicare enrollment link or electronic enrollment link. And when that does come through, then we'll go ahead. You'll click it. And then I'll be on the same pages you and we'll walk through that together. So once you do receive that text, let me know. That's a very simple process. You'll just click open on the link. And then you'll pretty much scroll through it. Look over the information verify that everything looks okay. Okay. Okay. Perfect. All right. And have you received that text yet? Can you go to your text messages? Or it should pop up. I just recent that right now. Do you did that text message pop up for you? Okay. And on your phone, can you click to the home button? Yeah. So that's okay. So since you do have me on speaker phone, I'll still be on the phone as long as you don't hit to end the call. Can you hit like, is there a button that you can press to go to back to the main menu? Do you have an iPhone? Okay. Okay. And the Android, can you swipe up at the bottom? And is there like a home button or a way to get back to the main page? Okay. Hold on just one moment. I'll go ahead and I'm going to resend you that link. And then once you do see that link pop up, go ahead and click on it to open it. Did it come through? Sylvia? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hello, speaking. Okay, I'm waiting for a special call. Can you call me tomorrow. How long this is going to take? Okay, all right. Okay, let's see if I can see so long because I'm waiting for a very important call. No, yes, Brooklyn hospital. Yes. Okay. That's okay. I say, yeah, no, no, no, no, there are many. 734. Fullton Street, Brooklyn, New York, one, one, two, three, eight. I think I have one, let me see. I have one. And after I have been written down, can I have a class of street, can I have a class of street, can I have a drink for the name down, you know, no, no, one, yeah, you could give me the name, no, yeah, clean, clean, clean, 10,000 years, yeah, five, three, five, five, five, three, five, three, 10 years, 60 plus three, okay, 60 plus a street, mm-hmm, M-A-C-E-W-A-N, Roberto Robinson, okay, 7, 18, 7, 8, 3, 3, 9, 1, 9, okay, how long is it going to take? Okay, let's see, I do not have email, yes, the text, I'm not too familiar with the text, can you send it in the mail? Oh, there's one class, I have one class from the city, this is not too far from me, someone from the city, yeah, let me see, can you hear me? Okay, yeah, let me just, I don't know how to do this, honestly, I do not, I'm not, I'm trying, I don't know, that's what I say, I don't know, it did, but it disappeared, no, if I press, disappear, no, I have a regular form, you know,