Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  I think you've called a well care is Julio Garcia and who got a pleasure to speak with. How are you doing Mr. Dileon? I'm going to help you out with that. You currently have Medicare Part A and Part B. And it's not from Medicare, so do you have Medicaid as well? They're just Medicare. All right. Do you currently have a Medicare, a managed plan, a supplement plan, or just a original Medicare? All right. All right. Do you have that card on you so I can look you up? Are you able to access it or I'll need that card to look you up to exactly what you're on in what's available in the area? All right. What's your first name? Enrique. Enrique. Ten. Then your birthday is 12, 10. All right. What's your social? 4, 5, 6, 2, 1. 6. What was the last four? 8, 2. Okay. I'll see you here once again. Okay. I'll help you out. I'll get you some benefits here. Okay. Yes. You're new to Medicare. Okay. I'll get you some benefits so we can get you some dental and vision coverage as well. And it's not going to cost you anything because you have Medicare. Okay. Are you still at 808 West Third Street? Okay. Okay. Perfect. All right. Let me just play a recording for you here. And then when that recording is done, I'll come back and then I'll go over what benefits you have for you. Okay. Monday. February 12, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by autodilor or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident and hospital coverage. All right. Thank you for your patience on that. Do you understand? I agree to the recording play for you. Okay. So this will be available for you. We have a plan that's called the World Care No Premium HMO. It's a $0 premium plan. So it's not going to cost you anything but it's going to have those benefits that you're looking for. So first off, the dental benefits on the plan include coverage of preventative and comprehensive services up to $1,500, including by now limited to cleanings, x-rays or exams, flora treatments, fillings, dentures, bridge, crown and a root canal with the $0 member copay. Ambulance services is a $300 copay if you ever need an ambulance. Doctor office visits are $0 copay, specialists are $35 copay. So if you need to see a primary care doctor, it would be $0 copay. If you need to see a specialist, it would be a $30 copay. Emergency is $120 copay per visit. Emergency care, like the hospital. But if you get admitted into the hospital, they waive that $120 fitness $0 copay. So you can sign up for a gym. No cost to you. The hearing benefits as well. You get $750 per year towards hearing aids every year. Maximum one hearing A per A will apply. And patient hospital care is $350 copay per day for days 1 through 6 and $0 copay per day for day 7 to 90 with no additional hospital days. Our patient service in surgery is $0 copay for a diagnostic onoscopy. $250 copay for a non surgery and then $300 copay for a surgery. You also get over the counter benefits. You're going to get $28 every month on a well care spendable cart. And it does roll over to the next month if you don't use it. And the $28 you can use it to buy things like vitamins, supplements, electro toothbrushes, lotion, shampoo, conditioners, toothpaste, things like that. You also have to get vision benefits. You can get new prayer glasses, which cover a routine I examined to $200 for unlimited contact glasses, lenses and frames per year. So keep in mind, $200 for glasses. And all this is going to be at $0 monthly premium. So it's not going to cost you anything more. All right. So the next thing here is. Yeah, it'll cover that now. It just depends on what kind of surgery you need. That you know what kind of surgery you would need. Catarex. So I think catarex may fall under like just a regular eye surgery. So if I'm not mistaken, that'll be like $300 copay if you need it. It could be less. Now do you have a primary care doctor? Do you need me to find you one? Do you have one? Okay. So I'll find your doctor. Don't worry about that. Now just keep in mind. I know you say you might be moving soon. So for now, we'll enroll you into this plan that we have some coverage for now. And then if you do end up moving, I'm going to be your Medicare advisor moving forward. So if you do end up moving, you just call me back once you move. And then I'll get you a new plan in your area. If this plan isn't available in area. If it's available in area, then you can just stay where you are. Okay. So then yeah, we'll have to find your new plan in your area, which is fine. We'll cross that bridge when we get there. Okay. All right. So for now, I have a doctor named George Lindsay. That's on 201 East Arizona Avenue. Sweetheart. Sweetwater, Texas. Is that okay, doctor? Is that close by? Okay. Perfect. So I'll be your primary care doctor for now until you move. You say you don't know when you're moving, right? Okay. So for now that we have some coverage, you know, saying you get you covered here. And so you move. Once you move, then we'll set off on your new doctor in your new area. And see if there's something different in your area in the new area. All right. Next thing here is prescriptions. Do you take any prescriptions? Okay. All right. So you don't know other names of any of them yet? Okay. Do you know what they're for? Okay. Okay. But you say you're unaware of the names of them. Because this plan does cover prescriptions as well. So if you are taking prescriptions, this plan will, you know, either pay for it all the way or at least pay a portion of it, you know, depending on the medication. Okay. All right. This one. All right. Next thing here is, do you have like a smartphone, a computer laptop, anything like that where I can send you a link? Perfect. All right. Let me just draw some bit of information. I'm going to send you a link here so you can complete the application. It takes like two or three minutes. So I'll walk you through the whole thing. Okay. It'll be pretty easy if I can walk you through it. If it hangs up, I'll call you right back then. All right. I'm almost done here. How's your day going? How's everything today? Good. It's called today or really? So did you recently retire or start working? Nice. Best time, huh? Now you can finally just relax. Yeah. Okay. All right. I'm about to send you that link right now. And then I'll walk you through it. So what I would recommend doing first is putting me on speakerphone. Okay. So like if you pull your phone off your ear, there should be like a speaker saw, like sign. You can just click on speaker. Okay. One second. What kind of phone do you got? Is it like a touch screen phone? Is it a smartphone or is it like a flip phone or? Okay. Yeah. I'm here. All right. Perfect. All right. And I just look at your phone for a text message. I'm by sending you a text message now. All right. So I just sent you a text message. Let me try send it to the right number first. The 325-207-7846. Okay. So what I would try first is from. Yeah. So from the top of the phone down, like swipe down. See if you have any like notifications or anything like that. Yep. That's it right there. Uh-huh. Yep. That's exactly it. Yep. Click on that. Click on that link. It's like a blue link. And then it should open up like your web browser, which should bring you to clear match Medicare. Let me know when you're there. Yeah. Uh-huh. You said what? Yeah. Click on it. All right. So when you click on that link, it should open up like their web browser. And then just say like clear match. Are you there? Okay. So scroll down. It should say well care by all well. Well care no premium. Do you see that? Or is the is a page still loading? Okay. Just give it a second. I load up then. You should see where like everything is. It's just say like my information, Medicare information, submit application. Okay. There we go. So scroll scroll down. You see where it says Henry, De Leon, your birthday. You see all that stuff. All right. Just verify. Just keep scrolling down all the way. Verify everything every box. All the way until you get down to next step. Let me know when you're there. All right. Hit next step. And then once you hit next step, it should save my Medicare information. Right. All right. So scroll down. Scroll down all the way until you get to my primary doctor. Let me know when you're there. All right. My primary doctor. Um, George Lindsay. Uh-huh. Right there. Where it says, are you already a patient? Hit no. Under that. Where it says my current coverage. Hit no, no. For both of those. All right. And then where it says, how I want to pay my monthly payment? It's a zero dollar premium plan, like I stated. So hit coupon book. And then hit next step. And let me know when you're on the next step. All right. You're on the next step. All right. So you should see your phone number. There's an email address there. And then where it says preferred language, click on that. And then select the language that you prefer. And do you want to receive your information in large print? Where you are right now? Just scroll. Just scroll back up. Let go back to the top of the page. And you should see those boxes. Because you got to fill out those boxes first before we can go down there. All right. So I should say your phone number, email, and the preferred language. Select the one that you prefer. Once you select your preferred language. Under that is accessible format. Click on that. And then hit large print. So you can receive your information in large print. And then large print. And then it's going to ask you what your race is. So you select that. So this was a little tricky. When you click that box is going to open down a bunch of different options. You can scroll within that box to look at the different options that apply. So whichever one applies to you at the very bottom is I choose not to answer if you don't want to answer. Once you selected the one that applies, just click outside of that box. And it'll close it down. Did you fill out all the boxes from the top to the bottom, all the boxes? All right. Did you fill out the one where it says are you Hispanic or Latino? Okay. Perfect. So then after that, it's going to ask you my plans of important information. That green box. Just click on that to turn it blue. Once you've read the important information statements. It's just the sclaimers and stuff like that. You can read it if you like. Once you check that box and it turns blue, just scroll down to the last part where it says my signature. And then just make sure your first name, last name is today's days accurate. If everything is correct, just click on that box and then hit submit application and then you're all set. Perfect. So that's your confirmation number. You should have a confirmation number. Just hold on to that number there. If in case you need it for your records, it should say like a HPT number. Congratulations. And then like your confirmation number. Correct. That's your confirmation number. Oh, no. You don't have to click on it. You can just take a screenshot or write it down just to have it. You know, I have it on my end. So if you ever need it, you can call me and I can give that to you. But the next thing I want to do here is I just want to give you my direct line in case you have any questions with the search. You can call me directly. Okay. You said what? Okay. I could email you. Do you have on that Enrique de Leon, a 376. That's your email. Okay. All right. Let me. It's Enrique with it either not Henry, right? Okay. Let me. So in your current area, they don't offer the grocery card, but they offer the over the kind of cry that I told you. The well care spendable cards so that you can buy things like toothpaste and stuff like that. We're going to mail that out to you. You have to have Medicaid, unfortunately. Yeah. Just Medicare at the moment. But if you know, if you end up getting Medicaid at any point like that, you can always call me directly. And then we can get you one of those dual plans. So Medicaid is like state help. So it's like an income restricted thing state. And then Medicare is federal. So that's just, you know, all your life, you know, you get Medicaid taken out of your paycheck so you can pay for Medicare. So when you retire. All right. So I just sent you a text. I'm sorry. I just sent you an email. So in the email at the very bottom is going to have my first thing, my last name, and then my direct line with my extension and everything. Okay. All right. So last thing here is I just got to get you over to my verification team and just going to ask you two or three quick questions. And you'll be all set up before I get you over to them. Do you have any other questions for me? All right. So just be on the lookout in the mail within seven to ten business days. You will receive everything in the mail. And then March 1st is when all your benefits go into effect. If you do end up moving, just give me a call back whenever you do move. And then I'll be able to find you get your coverage in your new area. Okay. Something Hannah. Humana. Okay. Yeah. So a lot of people are going to be calling you a lot, especially around this time where it's the open enrollment period. All I ask is. Yeah. I'll ask is before you make any other decisions like that, just give me a call first before you make a decision. Because a lot of these people, they don't really have your best interests at heart. And then they can be putting you in a worse situation. So just be careful. Okay. So I'll be your Medicare advisor moving forward. So if you have any other questions or you want to make any changes, just call me first beforehand. And I'll let you know if it's a good good move or not. Okay. And I'll explain to you why too. So you don't just think I'm just trying to keep you or whatever. All right. So just hope for one second. Okay. Hello. Good morning, Henry. Good morning. My name is Andre. I'm with the clear math customer care team. I do want to let you know that this call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. I'm just going to go to verify some information with you. Ask you a couple of health resource assessment questions. Call call should be about three minutes and you're completely set up to this. Okay. So just verify that we are enrolling into the well care no premium HMO plan for March 1st. Is that correct? Right. And did you get your agent to health contact information? And did he go over your prescription medications or any doctors that are important to you? And I'm just going to go to read over a quick disclosure. Disclosure stating that we would like to ensure that we have your permission to call if there's any needs to follow up. By saying yes, you are confirming that you will agree in consent for our company to contact you with phone calls, voice mail, text messages, containing information about our products and services. We may use an auto dialer or for the message with these communications. And you're not required to consent to make a purchase. You're only agreeing to receive communications at this number, even if the numbers are not your not call list. Is that okay with you sir? Perfect. And I do want to thank you for enrolling into the well care plan with your agents. And if you have any questions at all, if you're pretty good reach out to them, OK. Have yourself a great day sir. Take care. Take care.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  And Henry the Leon here. If I was coming about my grocery bank. Yes, sir. I think it's American parade probably. I have no idea. I just know I just know I got a red white blue card. I told them. No, I don't. Well, can you look it up with my name and my social screen number and Henry. Henry, Henry, Henry, Henry, Leon, and then my social. December 10th. Yeah, December 10th, and 584, 5621, 6482. I just got it just 365, but I don't know what all I'm getting or nothing like that. I like to give my I stick my key. Yes, but I had to sell my house. I'm not a money, but I'm going to move into my daughter in manger, but nobody of like a month or so. But right now, I'm still in 808 with spirit. Okay, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Look, what about eye surgery? That's right. Okay. Okay. I don't have one. No, but almost, almost moving 42 miles away. Yeah. Yes, it's real close. No. I'm supposed to, but I don't know which ones they are. But, no. I got to him at the house, but just a bottle, I've had two heart attacks, two search heart surgeries, so I've got like six pills, no, just a big, big, big, because they do make me real tired, and I'm always lowering, I can't even talk, so I just start taking them. Yes, my phone right here, okay, because I don't know how to change some, like change to another place, and still have you on the line, I don't know how to do that, okay, okay, it's kind of cold, yeah, that's not working yet, we tired, we can't afford to retire, but I have to, yeah, I'm trying, I'm trying to find a time to do it, I've always got, I've just got my contact, my contact, my key, my phone, okay, I think I got you, you're still there, okay, I got you on speaker, how I, how I want to do that, yes sir, pushing through three dots, are you enrolment for, for, for, for click on it, okay, this is met, enrolment, many of them, S and S, and the numbers, type to load preview, it says type to load preview, you got the Medicare column, okay, that, it says clear match, wait two minutes, it's still loading, summary of benefits, zero dollars, congressional mission, if you're not enrolment, enrol, let's get enrol, my information, yeah, yes, this is the next step, yes, since it's quite like one of them, okay, well, Lindsay, okay, okay, yes, wait, I think I lost it, it says I acknowledge that I have read, like, whatever, okay, I'm going back to my information, available format, okay, if you read my application, I think so, yeah, I put it in Spanish, okay, okay, point number, so SPT81071, okay, click on it, click on it, okay, okay, take it to me and I'll, I'll, I'll screenshot it, if you can take it to me, I'll screenshot it, like, like, like, this is this one, yeah, yes, but what about my groceries, what about my groceries, post, I don't have Medicaid, this is got Medicare for A and B, okay, okay, okay, I talked to someone, another person that almost says the same thing as you, but they were with them, what was it, something from Anna, I think so, I talked to a lot of different ones, okay, okay, good morning, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes,