Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for going well care medicare my name's Richard barouche these calls are recorded for quality and training purposes Who do I the pleasure of speaking where? Don't marry out. How can I help you today? Yeah, there's new Yeah, the new spending allowances those are benefits that come along with some medicare parts C or advantage plans I can take a look in your area. Let's see. What's your zip code? Well, I'm with well care I'll just so they come out with new benefits every year, and they don't necessarily reach out There could be ten different well care plans and some have food some don't 124 Well, let me see what's your zip code. I'll tell you real quick Okay Is that Davies County McLean or Henderson? Okay It looks like they had a couple new dual options. Let me see what the allowances are You get one twenty six a month Okay, there is one that's one seventy five, but maybe that was it could be just because you're medicaid eligibility Let me check real quick. I should be able to look it up without your medicaid number just one sec Yeah, what's your date of birth? Alright, and it was a Mary Allen Okay, yeah, no, it's definitely No, it's it's smart to because so they didn't have that one in your area, and it's new and you are According to your Medicaid level you are eligible for that But I'm wondering how long have you been on the current well care one? Okay, but so before the new year Okay, yeah, that makes sense. So this was just brand new. I don't It drives me nuts. They'll have ones that are so much more and they don't they just don't reach out and let you know That's why it's good to just check once a once or twice a year But we can get you to that up with that one seventy five and also this new one Mary One of the best benefits. It's only with well care is And at least for me and some months are tougher you can let it build up I don't know if your current one does, but it's So this one rolls over so if you know like May the tougher month you could let it stack up Few times and have an extra five hundred bucks or something and it also has an additional Thousand dollars in dental over what you currently get And an extra two hundred dollars for glasses so you'd have five hundred dollars for glasses And then almost twice as much for hearing aids if you ever need them in the future But uh, let's see so now I'll just need to Verify your medic care. Do you have that red white and blue card So this is a you are on the well care dual access and that's an HMO This is called well care dual liberty So everything medical is zero dollars out of pocket everything stays the same The only thing is you'll get that increase spending allowance. You'll get more dental coverage more vision more hearing Everything else is the exact same Yeah numbers and letters it like starts with a number and then a letter Mm-hmm Okay, thank you All right, and and who's your primary care doctor same network so it shouldn't matter, but I just need to verify it Your your old one was Peter Litzie Lipsie and But then why do you switch? Oh, I guess. Okay. Okay. I was just I saw I'm still listed in the ourselves All right, so you go to Andrew Collins or on bracket street. Okay Perfect all right, I'm gonna just put in this info and uh, we'll be able to get your card out Your new balance won't be loaded till March 1st Obviously you'll be able to use the current one until then The card will be out in a couple weeks now because these benefits are through Medicare They do require us to play quick disclaimer to protect your rights to just bear with me and I'll get through this very fast one moment Tuesday February 13th 2 24 this call will be recorded for quality and training purposes You are not required to give any health-related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex If you speak a language other than English language assistance services free of charge are available to you TTY users may dial 711 for assistance Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage HMO, PPO and PFFS organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser All right, thanks to your patients. Do you have your permission to discuss these benefits with you as needed today? No, right um And your It's your medications obviously same formulary. So ever do you don't you don't pay in a pocket for anything do you? All righty and Yeah, I'm going to actually give you my direct line as well. Do you happen to have a pen or pencil handy? Okay, it's uh, so my name's Richard Baruch, you know, I'll spell out Baruch for you It's it's B as in boy a r u And then C as in Charlie H as in Henry Yeah, don't see it every day Have it that used my Italian it used to be Baruchio, I guess My great older drop the EO um So and Yeah, when this happens again in the fall like when these new benefits come out We can reach out and see if there's one that'll better help you out for next year because it's really not a big deal All the matters that your doctors cover the benefits Um, but now yeah, you might as well get that extra 50 a month Are you are you still on Yale place department 504? Okay, perfect And um Do you accept texts on this phone? Okay, because then in just a minute, I can send you a text and you can just verify your info and then uh We'll be almost set. I just got to put in the info for you Oh, and uh, I didn't give you my number. Did I? All right, it's uh, it's 844 981 1407 And then uh Yep as uh 4867 and So you can give me without the extension, but that'll allow you to leave a voicemail if you need to and you of course you'll have customer service, but between you and I if it's not an emergency. It's usually a lot easier to call me than deal with those customer service violence um And you know this new card you can use it for Or rant utilities gas at the pump groceries of course household need items a bunch of different A bunch of different things, but that'll all come Yep, I'm here. I'm almost done and I'm about to send you the uh I'm just putting in your info Doctors info on here and when you get the text, I'll be looking at the same thing so I can just Help you follow through it. It's just a couple short pages verifying your info And I'm sending it off right now Um, so you can you can put me on speaker if you like and do it um Either way um, I just send it and just let me know a few of questions and when you see your info pop up You'll have to click a link that comes through um Should be there any second now um, I sent it to your phone But I could email it if that's easier for you You'll go ahead and just re-send it You know Worst case uh, we can I can do it another way. This is just the initially the easier way Nothing still Okay, well that's all right. Let me uh, I'll just do it over the phone It's just uh, I'll have to play the plans disclaimer Mary and Then uh the only other thing our verification team will just verify that you have my name number and we're doing the well-cared dual liberty So I'll go ahead and play that for you now There's one moment Well-careds a licensed and certified representative of Medicare Advantage HMO, HMO SNP, PPO, PPO SNP, and VFFS organizations And stand-alone PDP prescription drug plans each of the organizations there represent has a Medicare contract Enrollment in any plan depends on contract renewal Non-contracted out-of-network providers are not obligated to treat you except for emergencies are urgently needed services Otherwise, you may be responsible for the costs Your ability to enroll in the special needs plan is based on verification that you are entitled to both Medicare and the qualifying level of Medicaid The information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of my knowledge I understand that if I am getting assistance from a sales agent broker or other individual employed by or contracted with well-care He or she may be paid based on my enrollment in well-care well-care serves a specific service area If I move out of the area that well-care serves, I need to notify the plan so I can disenroll and find a new plan in my new area Once I am a member of well-care, I have the right to appeal plan decisions about payment or services if I disagree I understand that my verbal signature or the verbal signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the individual under the laws of the state where the individual resides on this application Means that I have read and understand the contents of this application If signed by an authorized individual, this verbal signature certifies that One, this person is authorized to understate law to complete this enrollment and two, documentation of this authority is available upon request by Medicare All right, thanks you patients. Did you understand the agreement of the disclaimer Mary? Okay, and so you'll get two packets one with the cards and one with you know probably too much information But um just come through the basics because there are a lot of other benefits that some people don't take advantage of that may be helpful like free chiropractor visits and you know Fitness membership some have meal deliveries if you're eligible um a lot of other things just to check out by your you'll start being able to use the 175 a month starting March 1st And then I if unless you have any questions I can get you over to the verification team. They're very fast Okay, well if any Yes, I'm it's the easy since you're already with well care if anything comes up in the meantime feel free to give me a call um anytime Otherwise I will follow up as well once you get everything just to make sure you uh You know know how to use the card and everything Okay, all right. Well, I'll get you over there right now and you have a good one Mary. Thank you Hello miss Ellen Hi, my name is Alicia Gwendo, I'm part of clear match customer care team May I advise that this call will be monitored and recorded for quality and training purposes and today we're going to be confirming your enrollment and to the well-care dual liberty hmo dsnip with the contract id 8730 hyphen 004 With the effective date of March 1st of 2024. Is this correct? Yes, Sam And this plan is a dual-aligible special needs plan dsnip for people who have both Medicare and Medicaid If your category of Medicaid eligibility changes, please notify your agent as your cost share may also increase or decrease And I'd like to confirm that you've got your agent's full name and direct contact information as they will be your Medicare advisor moving forward And that's going to be Richard Roach And could you please confirm that your agent reviewed your prescription medications and doctors that important to you Yes, Sam and we'd like to ensure that we do have your permission to call if there's any need to follow up by saying yes You are confirming that you agree and consent for a company to contact you with phone calls, voicemails and text messages containing information about our products and services We may use an auto-dialar or pre-recorded message for these communications You are not required to consent to make a purchase. You are agreeing to receive these communications at this number Even if the numbers on it do not call it do you agree? Yes, Sam and we'd like to thank you for enrolling And please let it hesitate to reach out to your agent if you have any questions about your new coverage with Richard Roach Now we're going to do a brief health and resource assessment and general how would you rate your overall health Would you say that it's excellent? Very good good fair or poor Yes, Sam And what current cut excuse me what current health conditions do you have do you have high blood pressure high cholesterol Yes, Sam Okay, yes, Sam Yes Okay, yes, Sam and Let me see And do you need a transportation assistance? Yes, Sam Okay, and do you feel safe in your home and around the people in your life? And do you worry about Yes, Sam And do you worry about running out of food before you have money to buy more food? Yes, Sam And over the past two weeks have you felt down to press your hopeless or lost interest in doing things that you enjoy Would you say that? Yes, and would you say that that's several days more than half the days are nearly every day Yes, Sam And do you need help with grooming getting in or out of better chair eating bathing dressing using the toilet Yes, Sam And do you need help with food preparation Using the telephone housekeeping laundry Taking responsibility for your medications or your ability to handle finances Yes, Sam And do you have a living will or an advanced directive? Yes, Sam And doing the last month have you had pain that interfered with completion of housework or your ability to work outside the home Yes, Sam And over the past five days Could you rate that pain on a scale of zero to ten? Yes, Sam And in the past year how many times have you fallen down? Yes, Sam And have you had the COVID, the flu, the pneumonia, the tetanus and the shingle shot? Yes, Sam And when was the last time that you seen your dentist over two years? Yes, Sam And during the past year how often have you had a rival with alcoholic drinks in a day? Would you say yes, Sam And do you use tobacco products? Do you use tobacco products? And what is the current? Yes, Sam What is the current date? Yes, Sam Okay, what's the current year? Okay And how would you prefer to communicate with your health plans care team? Would you like to do a bifone call? Figure messaging video call or email? Yes, Sam Okay, and we do want to thank you for completing the assessment. We do appreciate a time and responses. You should be receiving your ID card within seven to ten business days Then we hope you have a great rest of your day Yes, and thank you, bye bye

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Mary Allen, I'm calling about to see if benefit for Kentucky, the card, I'm going to see you. I have a, I have well care to have anything to do with it. Okay, well, I'm already getting many some well care. So, but it's only like my monthly thing for a hundred and twenty-four months. Is that all? Yeah, is that all I'm allowed? Yes. Four, two, three, one. Okay. Yeah. 4.455. Yes sir. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455. 4.455.