Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling well care and Medicare. My name is Martin Lugo. I'm a licensed insurance agent. This calls recorded for training and quality purposes. How can I help you today? Okay. Well, we do have a card that can provide you. I could definitely help you with reviewing your benefits and things like that providing you with a credit that can help you with rent assistance. That's something that we could look into. After that, then I can connect you with social services to help us with maybe some actual housing. How is that sound? All right, Jeffrey. Perfect. What is your zip code? Please, all of our benefits are based on zip code. Thank you on your last name. And can you confirm in case we get disconnected? What is a good phone number that you can be reached? Thank you. Before we get into your benefits, Medicare does require that we listen to this recording together. The recording is going to ask you a question. You don't have to answer until it's over. Okay. All right. Thank you, buddy. One moment, please. Tuesday, February 13, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number. Even if it is on the do not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the do not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us a privacy at hpon.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. Here you ask Jeffrey, thank you very much. It is important that the information you provide is correct to the best of your knowledge and an attempt to avoid delays of any type of benefits being submitted for you today. We would like to verify your eligibility with Medicare. Do we have your consent to complete this verification? Please note that during this validation, Medicare may provide additional details regarding your eligibility, which can assist us in maximizing your Medicare benefits and giving you that rent assistance that you need. Are you still at the same residence, 446? Can you confirm that please? Thank you. And I do show you have Medicare and Medicaid, is that right? Do you get any rent assistance now? How is Ohio today? Are you guys cold? Oh really? Can you confirm what the name of your primary care physician is? Carmen, on tourney road or 130th street? All right. Do you visit any specialists at this time? Do you visit any specialists? Do they all work in the same facility as your primary care physician? You don't have a mental initial, right, Jeffrey? Can you confirm your date of birth? All right. Thank you. I do have your Medicare number to review your eligibility and your Medicaid one moment. Yep, you still have Medicaid active, you have QI. That's the level of Medicaid you receive. Do you need your Medicaid number or do you already have that information? Yeah, okay, good. Do you take any medications at this time that we need to talk about? Just insulin, what's the name of it? It's Ajaya and Himalog. Do you take trustee by the 100 or 200 unit? Okay. And Himalog, quick pen? Okay. And what pharmacy do you normally visit? CVS pharmacy. You make your own healthcare decisions. Is there any hospitals or facilities that you're currently visiting or getting treatment? Okay. All right. Let's look at the benefits and what the credit is for rental assistance. If you get a place and you're paying rent or you need help with paying utilities like water, gas, things like that. There's a program that helps you. It's called, at the moment, the well care old dual assure HMO DSNP program. It provides you with assistance of, let me see the credit one second. There you go. Here it is. Oh, there's $215 a month that you can use towards utility assistance or rent assistance, wherever you're renting. If you need help with things like that. The only thing your doctor would accept the program. He isn't Carmen Papa. The only thing is a Pope. Sorry. You visit him on 69, 75, west 130. Is that right? All right. Perfect. Well, he is participating with this program. Do you have access to the internet? Okay. If I send you a link to review and accept the benefits, could you do that for us? All right, my friend. One moment please. How long have you been visiting Dr. Papa for a long time? Okay, good. I'm glad you have a stable doctor. I could do either one. It doesn't matter. What do you prefer? I'm just working on sending you the link. Give me a moment, please. This is going to have your benefits that you're going to be getting the credit from. This is to apply for the credit. And then after that, we're going to get you with social service to apply for housing. Got it. All right, my friend. One moment please. I'm going to review the benefits with you one more time. This program is designed for people with Medicaid and Medicare. It does not cost you anything to have. You are already entitled to receive it. The benefits is giving you a total of monthly credit of $215 a month. If you don't use it for a month, it does roll over. You don't have to, you don't have, you don't have to use it all in the month. It does add up if you don't use it all. Do you also need transportation or do you have that? Do you drive still? Do you drive yourself? You don't have a vehicle? Okay, no worries. You could use the credit pretty much for anything else if you don't use it for gas. You could also use it for other stuff, but know that it accumulates every month. Your medications are all covered. The only one that we would have to find an alternative for, which may be better is at the human log. We also have no blog and to jail to jail is an insulin that works for 24 hours. It's a long lasting insulin as well. It's really great and it covers 100% at a zero-dollar co-pay. You don't have to pay for your insulin and things like that. Most of them are tier one, so they're fairly economic. There's no deductible that is applied. Yes sir, it does. It adds up. Like a savings account. Yeah, you can use it towards a lot of things. Okay, perfect. I'm sending you the link now. Give me a moment please. I'm going to work on that right now. And I could text it to this number 2, 16, 396, 83, 18. Do you get text messages here? Okay. All right, perfect. All right. I'm sending you the link now, buddy. Tell me when you get it, okay. Okay. All right. Yes, sir. Click on the link and then make sure all the information is correct. Go through the next step where do you see next step at the bottom of the page? Did you see next steps at the bottom? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Hit that. No, no, it's all right. I should already be pre-filled. All you need to hit is next steps. You're going to say yes. Right. If you're going to have any other supplemental benefit, you can say no because you will not have to. Right. You'll say no to that. No matter what you click, you will not be billed because it is a zero dollar premium. So you can even hit coupon book and you won't be billed. That's another format other than black and white and standard colors. You can hit large print if you have a hard time seeing small letters. Then tell me what your confirmation number is. Perfect. Okay. Now it says what? I'm sorry. Someone else. Right. You know somebody else that has Medicare and Medicaid benefits? No. Okay. Well, now that we've established use there, we're going to come. I just wanted to question our benefits will begin March 1st, 2024. And also I want to give you my number. So when you get your benefits, I can help you get them activated. All right. I'll be your license. I'll be going forward. My name is Martin. My last name is Lugo, L.U. Geo. And my phone number is 877-581-5373. And my extension is 5849. All right, sir. One moment. I'm going to stay on the line after they're done so I could get you to the social service department. And okay. You're welcome, buddy. My pleasure. I'm here to help one time. Jeffrey, this is Lydia. I'm here on the clear match customer care team. Are you having a good day so far? Great. I'm going to keep this short and sweet. Get you off the phone just to let you know this call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. Also, I'm confirming that you did just enroll in the well care all tool assure plan with Mr. Marcus Lugo for a three one effective date is that what you understood. Great. Also, you have this phone number and extension. If you need him for any reason. And also, I just want to say that this is a special needs plan. Since you have both Medicare and Medicaid, so if you're category of Medicaid ever changes, please notify your advisor as your cost here may also increase or decrease. Okay. And to talk over your doctors and prescriptions. Great news. Also, I want to ensure that we have your permission to call if there's any needed follow up long story short. Jeffrey in the next 10 to 14 days are going to get all your information in the mail. We're going to want to call make sure you got it. See if you have any additional questions at that time. Lastly, I'm completing the assessment. This is what allows you to maximize the benefits and take more than a couple minutes. Do you have a steady safe place to live? Do you worry that your foods got to run out before you have money to buy more? Okay. Have you fallen in the last six months are worried about falling? Oh, bless you. So, do you need assistance walking, dressing, bathing, doing everyday tasks? Excellent. Do you have high blood pressure diabetes cholesterol? Anything you take prescriptions? Well, besides diabetes, we've already concluded that anything else. All right. Great. Wonderful news. You have transportation to get to your doctor's appointments. The pharmacy into the grocery store. Great news. Okay. So you need other transportation if possible. Okay. So I'll work on that. All right. So, if you stayed overnight in the hospital or been to the emergency room in the last 12 months. Oh, my God, the same thing happened to my husband on his leg from our dog. He's a diabetic. Oh, my God. He got that septic bacteria. He had to go have it clean like two, three times a week. It's just now healing. It's been like four months. Yeah, not good. Well, thank God because oh, my God, that was scary. It was like not from the dog. It's so anyway. That completes everything. I want to thank you again for rolling with us. Is there anything else I can assist you with today before I let you go? All right, Mr. Jeffrey, you go enjoy your day and know that you're done. Finite. You're welcome, Bobhy. We're all done with that we're all done with?

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Yeah, Marcus. I was looking, you know, I have all the good benefits to Medicare and Medicaid, but I was I was looking for housing and that's why I kept on feeling out the application on the phone. I was looking for Section 80 or some kind of hard housing around where I live. You guys have to do it. Okay, okay, sure. Yeah, full full 109, corn, KORN, 216, 396, 8318. Okay. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. 12, 4, 6, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 1, 9. Yes. No. It's starting to snow. Yeah. No. No. I don't like. They change every time. Dr. Poppa, Carmen Poppa, Carmen, C-A-R-M-A-N, Poppa, P-O-P-P-E-A, 130th Street. Say again. Oh, my end. Yeah. My end of the canal just put out. Now, remember her name that they changed like three times. First there was Stephanie Cardwell. Now there's another new woman that I don't know her name. No. No. No. No. Now, March 28, 1964. I think I have it on my card. This is someone, Chisiba, Chisiba, and Chumilag, 100. Yes. C-Z-S. No. My doctor's role in Metro. Yes. Yes. Yes. Actually, oh, yeah, my phone, I guess. My computer's in a big trash shop. Oh, yeah. Oh, my God, until I 2005 probably. Yes. Are you texting me to think or emailing it? Texting is easier. Okay. Is this going to have the number to be the place that I get the credit from? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah, that was work. I don't have a car anymore. No. Right. Yeah, I got it. That's how that is. Well, let me ask you something. Okay. Let me ask you something. That credit that rolls over every month, you said, right? Can I use that toward something? Okay. Okay. That's good. Okay. Eight, one, eight, three, eight, one. Yeah. Sure. Eight, three, one, eight. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I got it. Clear match, Medicare. Okay. I just had to work out of the business. That was me. Let's see. Let's see. This is all well. Welcome. Do you want to go on very bottom? Yes. Next step with that. Okay. Medicare number. Oh, do I have to enter my Medicare number here or join in there? Yeah. Okay. Well, it's asking me, are you already a patient of the physician you chose? Yes. What's on the name? My current coverage. Once enrolled, you will have other medical help. Yes. I'm going with that. Once enrolled, will you have other medical health coverage where you are the subscriber or are covered? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Will you have other transcripts in your code? No. Right? How I want to pay my monthly payments. Yeah. I did that. Okay. Now it says my information, my number, my address. What's the accessible format with that? What should I put on that audio, large print? Yes. What's your race? Wait. Wait. Are you Hispanic? No. I'm not Hispanic. All right. Review my applications of above, above, above, above, above. Spirit, I authorize, I acknowledge, demonstrate your corn, the mid-application. Congratulations. Your application has been confirmation. HP, T, 1072, 473. Okay. I want to enroll in some, oh, this is for someone else. I want to enroll someone else. Okay. No, no, no. Okay. That would be great. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. That would be great. Thank you. All right. Yeah. Sorry. Yes. Yes. Okay. Yes. Okay. Yes. Okay. Yes. Always. Yeah. I do have a very good opportunity. People on the Internet. No. No. No. No. Yes. Well, mostly actually being sure it's only coverage to go to doctor's appointment. Correct. Yes. Two weeks ago, I was in the hospital for a, for the section of my own. My cat scratched me and it got affected. Yeah. Oh, wow. Well, I'm lucky. I'm lucky. It's kind of nasty looking, but it's actually just healing up now. Yeah. Right. Right. Right. No, ma'am. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.