Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thanks so much for calling Walker. This is Delay. How can I help you did he move out of a zip code because he's going to have to change his entire plan if he did. Yeah, he'll have to change his entire plan. It varies from zip code to zip code. So yeah, it might not be the same as the same zip code he moved in. How far did he move away? Okay. And how far away was that from his house? Okay. Give me one second. All right. Are you power of attorney over your father-in-law? Okay. Okay. That's fine. If you're power of attorney over him, that's all I need. And what was your name and what was your father-in-law's name? Can you spell the first name for me? And his date of birth? Okay. And what's the zip code of your home that he's living in currently? Okay. Give me one second. Yeah, Medicare is a little weird where they only cover your the zip code that you signed up in. So when you move and you move full zip codes, you do have to get into a plan that is covered in that zip code. So it's not hard to get, we can get that done today for him. And then we can get his new provider put on his card also. He'll still be covered. No, not at all. Yeah, not at all. No, with a move with you staying on well care, he's going to be covered under the plan. And he is now until the end of this month. And then the new plan will kick in as a march first due to him moving in with you. So no, it's not going to interfere with any kind of appointments that he has this month and or next month. Who is his new primary care doctor? And what was the last name? Okay. Okay, I found him. Let me see. He takes the no premium focus plan. All right. All right. Let's see. He's on no premium focus. All right. I do have to play a quick disclaimer real quick just because I am going to go over our new plan with you. And then I'll go over the details of this plan. This plan is most closest to what he's currently on. So benefits should not honestly be that different. But I do have to go over with you with them with you for legal reasons. Okay, give me one moment. Monday, February 12, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash. All right. All right. So this is going to be just like it was before this will cover his dental vision and hearing. This also dental benefits covers the same thing, the old planted covering cleanings, x-rays, all exams, fluoride treatments, dentures, bridges, crowns root canals. Copay is made vary by service. It's a zero dollar copay to see your doctor and to see any kind of specialty doctors. This does cover durable medical equipment. This does cover emergency care services. There is a copay of 135 same as the other plan. If you do get admitted to the hospital, we waive the copay for you. Hearing benefits are $1,000 per year. This does cover rehabilitation services to pulmonary occupational physical and speech at a zero dollar copay. This gives you $116 every quarter for over the counter benefits. And then also this comes with transportation back and forth to the doctor 24 one way trips. And then his vision is $300 for contact glasses, lenses and frames with routine I exam included. And then urgent care is included also by the zero dollar copay. He does have a deductible on medications. Here's three through five at 150 dollars. Everything else would be fully covered under the drug plan though. All right. So is he on any current drugs or anything like that? Okay. My question is is he is he on anything long term or is he just on medications because he just left the hospital? Okay. All right. So this is going to kick in while I do my notes real quick in the system. Can you go ahead and get his Medicare ID number. It's going to be on that red, white and blue card. I'm going to need that number to process his application. And I heard him ask about wheelchairs in the background. Yes, wheelchairs will be covered. That's going to be covered under durable medical equipment. So yes, that will be covered. Okay. Who called you? Is it who's trying to set you up with it? Yeah, that's going to be the providers that we use for durable medical equipment. They might be trying to get some authorizations done. So it might it might take a little bit. It's not it's a durable medical equipment is not like a 24 hour process. They have, yeah, they have to get authorizations for from us and Medicare directly. And usually they'll get ours within 24 to 48 hours, but Medicare is the one that kind of drags their feet. So that might be what they're waiting on. But I would be calling them at least every other day to be checking on what process they're at. And if you have that number, I'm ready for it. Yes. Awesome. Okay. All right. I missed in six three. All right. I missed something. Say that one more time. Okay. That's what I thought you said. There it goes through. Okay. I'm going to need is I'm going to have to update the address. And what address is he currently at? And that's in San Bernardino. Awesome. Okay. Just wanted to verify. Medicare. All right. So he's good. No, Medicaid. All right. Give me one second. When did he move into your home? Okay. All right. Not a problem. I just got to have the date. All right. So we're going to do a plan. All right. This is for well care. And he said he has not seen that primary care doctor as of yet. Okay. I'm premium. I'm going to do a movie. He moved off of the yesterday. All right. And the phone number on file 6267031597. Is that a cell phone? Okay. If you want to go ahead and put me on speaker phone, I went ahead and sent you an enrollment link. There are some things that I need you to fill in. If you open it up with me, I'm going to go through it with you. And the first thing you should see it should say like my information, you're going to see that the plan is a zero dollar premium plan, scroll down and make sure his information is in there. When you verify all that, just go ahead and click next step. His Medicare information should be populated in there. And then the special enrollment date. I did put that he moved in actually on Saturday with you. So it should say 210 of 2024. The next thing I need you to verify is make sure it says requested coverage effective. It says 31 of 2024. Then your primary doctor, it's going to say are you an already already a patient of this position. Go ahead and choose yes. I know you haven't seen him yet, but this will give you priority into seeing him. Yes. And then my current, my current coverage, you're going to hit no and no. Meaning he's not a dependent or a spouse of anybody on any other insurance and he doesn't have try care. Score down a little more. That will be his doctor. Is that not who you want us, his doctor, the close to you. Okay, we can change that then. We're going to put him as the doctor right now. I'm going to have to search for a doctor near your house and then we can get a change for you. The monthly payment part, go ahead and hit coupon book. You will not have any monthly payments for this plan for him. And then next. Yeah, leave that as is and I'm going to I will find a doctor near you for you to switch him to will. Yep, next up after coupon book. You should see your phone number there. Everything else can just stay the same. We don't need that filled out scroll down until you see the first screen arrow. This green arrow is says I acknowledge this information. This information is telling you in order to be in any kind of Medicare advantage plan with well care, he has to keep part A and part B active in order to be qualified for that. So if you click it, it should turn purple. Okay, and then next go ahead and fill your his authorized representation. Go ahead and put your information in there. Same address. Absolutely. Yes. All right. And then you're. Yep, then you're going to hit the green button and hit submit application. You should get a confirmation number that starts out with HPP. I'm going to need the numbers behind it. And I recommend screenshotting that that is his confirmation number for the new plan. Okay, and now we will get me one second. My doctor. Does he prefer a male doctor? Does it really matter of who he sees? Okay. So let's see here. All right. Let me know. I'm not from California. So let me know is West foothill Boulevard close to you. Okay. Okay. It is. It's not the name is Jose. The Lala. L.A. No, it's not De Leon. It's L L.A. and A. Jose is the first name. Yeah. D.E. and it's space L.A. Space L L.A. and A. He's at 914 West foothill Boulevard. Okay. Is there. Is there any other one that you see that might be closer that I can check for you? Okay. You can change your pride. If you go and see him like one time and you don't like him, you can change your primary care doctor as many times as you want at any time you want. I was I was just searching five miles of your address. So that he was one of the first doctors popping up. Yes. Okay. Yeah. And he can let me get you see if I can't get you a phone number. Phone number four you to make an appointment with him is going to be 909 886 7576. And he yeah, 886 7576. And he's also affiliated with the hospitals around here. So if you ever had to go back to the hospital, he is considered a hospital position meaning he would visit you in the hospital. Yeah, that's definitely a good thing, especially with him going in and out. So that way you can go ahead and get an appointment set up with them. And I will I will get your medical card changed over to him. Okay. If you want to go ahead, you can actually use your member number right now to make an appointment with him. Your member number is not going to change just because your plan changed. So the card you yeah, the card you have now if you wanted to go ahead and make an appointment in March or whenever the card will still use his member number is not going to change for you. Okay, I correct. Yeah, he actually has a couple of different locations that he goes to that was the that was the closest location to you was the full of our one. I did want to go ahead and give you my information also if you do have any further questions or he happens to move back to his home and doesn't stay with you for as long as you thought he might be. We would need to switch his plan back. So I can definitely give you my information so you just work with just me not to talk to random people. Sure, my name is Julie, J-U-L-I-E. My last name is Martin, M-A-R-T-I-N. And my direct number is 844-981-1407. And I'm at extension 2853. Okay, you get hospital discharge papers. Okay, so we we wouldn't honestly have that information. I would call the skilled nursing facility and ask to speak with the DON, which is the director of nursing. The DON should be able to pull any kind of hospital release forms or hospital information that you can. It's going to be in that hospital release information of who the surgeon is who is follow up appointments with. Okay, that's that's now you would have to do it. And if you have any other questions, just give me a call back. I do got to get you over to the verification department. They ask you two little questions and then you're good to go. Okay, so bear with me one moment. Hello. Hi, my name is J-1 Hill and I'm a part of the clear match customer care team. And this call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. And so today we are confirming your enrollment in the well care no premium focused HMO plan with an effective date of March 1st. Is that correct? All right, and did you really go over everything with you, including your doctors in prescription? Okay, good. And do you have her phone number and extension in case you need to get in touch with her? Okay, great. And lastly, we'd like to ensure we have your permission to call if there's any major follow up by saying yes, you are confirming that you agree and consent for our company to contact you with phone calls, voicemails and text messages. And we may use an auto dialer or per recorded message and you are not required to consent to make a purchase. And you are agreeing to receive communications at the number, even if the numbers on it do not call this. Okay, I do want to thank you for your time. And if any questions come up, don't hesitate to reach out. No problem. Have a great day. Bye. Thank you.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hi, I'm calling because my father-in-law, he has well cared by housing it and he wanted to change his provider because he's moved via he did. Okay, so it's not going to stay the same. He had surgery and he got leg amputated so he had a move in with me and I live in Kaplan. Kaplan. Po, the 20-mile. Yes. And he's right here right next to me too. Michelle Martinez. Alfonzo Castro. A-L-S-O-N-S-O. And E, his middle name is E, and then lots of Castro, C-A-S-T-R-O. His date of birth is 12, 17, 1943. 917-86. Okay, so is it going to... So he has an appointment today with the surgeon because he just had surgery a couple of weeks ago. Is that going to mess with him? Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. It is Paul Euseborn in Covina. He hasn't even seen him at all so that's why he's never seen him. It's U-S-B-O-R-N-E. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Alfonzo, are you making it? I don't know. Are you? Are you? Yeah. Uh-huh. Okay. He does... What about the wheelchairs? Because he just got out of the hospital. Uh-huh. He did... I mean, he's not like... I think something for like, gird, or... I mean, I don't know if you know the name of him, I could get him. And he did... Yes. Yeah. He's not on that long term. Okay. Let me see if I can... Medicare card? Or from the word is your Medicare card. Is that what? It's... Oh, okay. I don't want to see that. Yeah. Yeah. He's supposed to be getting one but I don't know... I don't know. Last week they called me and I still haven't received anything. I think it was like opt-um or something like that? Opt-um? Uh-huh. Okay. Yeah. I thought maybe it was going to... It wasn't going to be here before he got out of the hospital but... I guess... Yeah. I guess not. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. The Medicare number is 1a in an apple and is an nc4-j and john46-n is an nc2 and tom63. Okay. The 1a n4-j46-nc63. 1,2,2,1,9,9,9,9,9,9,9, uh, avenue. Uplend California 917-86. Yes. He came yesterday. yesterday. He was in a skilled nurse in the facility and he had a dropped him off. No, he has it. Even before he was, he went to the hospital, he's never seen him before. Yeah. Yes. Yes. I got it. Okay. Yes. 12, 17, 19, 43, North 9, 7, 41, 22. Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. I put yes and do. Oh okay. But that's not going to be his doctor anymore. the right. So yeah, I don't want that one. I want one that's close by my house. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So the doctor will read that as is. Okay. Okay. Okay. So then go to the next step after a coupon book. Okay. Okay. Okay. And then just put the same address. Okay. Then click the group. Yeah. 107-1305. Okay. Uh, I'll tell you when a male doctor or does it matter? I don't know. She said it doesn't matter. Yes. What? Uh, because I'm looking at doctors too. What does the address of that one do our name? Darion? Okay. Jose. Jose. Okay. I see. Yeah. That one's uh, pretty close. That one's pretty close. I'm looking at everything. Let me see. How would I, um, how would I, I think this is what we find. Let me just check with a little bit of the reviews. Uh, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. And he can make an appointment anytime off on the way. Okay. Yeah. You know what? That one seems good. It doesn't. It doesn't seem. Yeah. Okay. 886. Okay. Okay. 909-82. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, that's good. I've had my house sort of hospital stays and that's a good being. Okay. Yeah. Okay. And do I need that to make an appointment with Tim Mar? Does he need? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's okay. Uh-huh. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's so good. Okay. What can you give me? Her info? Okay. Okay. Okay. And Julie, one more question. I don't know if you could help me out with this. He has an appointment today with the surgeon and I've tried everywhere to find out who that surgeon is that he has an appointment and I have had no luck. Would you be able to help me out with that too? Well, he was he was discharged from a skilled nursing facility so I don't only have that doctor but I don't know where the the hospital papers are at. That's so much. Okay. Well, I like Julie's the first one that she's the next one to you. He's cold. Yeah. Right. You don't want to ask her? No. You want the heater under? You want the heater under? Do you want another team on you? No. You're fine. He doesn't like senior students. Yeah. He doesn't have all my names. So let me just say that. Uh-huh. They don't. They don't. Okay. That's what that's what she's about. It's going to be finished. It's going to look good. So I'm going to do, uh, yeah. Okay. Yes. She deserves very helpful. Yes, I do. Yeah. Okay, thank you so much. So are you I want to see if the I wanna see if is the space yeah. She gets her skirt you know.