Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling Clear Match Medicare. This call is monitored and recorded for quality and training purposes. My name is Chisel Diaz and I am a licensed insurance agent. How can I help you today? Okay, do you have Medicare parts A and B? Okay. And can you provide me with your zip code? And what about your first name and last name, sir? I'm sorry, can you repeat the last name? Okay, and can you confirm your date of birth? Okay, greatly appreciated. Thank you very much. Now please note, we do not offer every plan available in your area, but we do represent several organizations which offer different number of plans and products. You can always contact Medicare.gov, 1-800-Medicare, or your local state helping insurance programs chip to get any information in all of your options. Now, do you also have Medicaid or just Medicare? Okay, perfect. Now, before we can go over the benefits, the Centers for Medicare do require that I play a disclosure. It's basically about a 90-second recording. After the recording, we'll come back on the line together and discuss the benefits, okay? Bear with me one second. Thank you. Monday, February 12, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information, unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a planned slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a planned slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 7-1-1 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part, D-sponsor. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the do not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, text at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message, even if this number is on the do not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. Okay, now Mr. Amaya, do you agree to the disclaimer that I just played? Okay, and do you have additional coverage maybe through the VA or TRICARE? Those are veteran plans. No, okay. Now are you looking maybe dental, vision, or hearing coverage? Dental? Okay, perfect. And can you provide me with the number located in the red, white, and blue card, the Medicare card? Okay, let me provide that number again. That's the number 6. You as an umbrella, the number 3. A as an apple, X as an extra, 0, 6. V as an victor, and as an nancy 4.2. You want to tell them? There's no A. Okay, what is that the number 8 after the 3? Okay, perfect. And can you provide me with the part A and part B dates located right under that number? Perfect for both. Okay, great. Now it is important that the information provided is correct to the best of your knowledge. In an attempt to avoid delays of your enrollment application being processed, we would like to verify the information with CMS prior to your enrollment submission. Do we have your consent to complete the verification? Please note that during this validation, CMS may provide additional details regarding your eligibility which could assist your license health agent with choosing the plan that best fits your needs. Thank you very much. Let's take a look and see what is offered in the state of Illinois one moment. Okay, perfect. Now, Mr. Amaya, do you visit a lot the specialty doctors? Or you just see the primary kid? Okay, the reason I'm asking is just primary. Okay, the reason I'm asking is because there is a plan in your area that actually the primary care is $0. The specialty doctors are 50, but you get a credit on your social security check for $131 every single month. So that would be for the plan year bear with me one second. So you're looking at about $1,572 every thing for the whole year on the plan. How does that sound to you? It's actually $0 premium. You do not pay anything for the benefit. It's actually $0 premium. It is with well care. The plan is with well care. You'll get that benefit. You can visit your primary care. You can get your medications. Everything stays the same as just you're going to get that credit in your social security check. So usually I offer this plan to customers that do not, you know, I do not have a lot of the specialty doctors. Now the plan also offers $0 for the premium. It also offers hospital, inpatient hospital coverage, outpatient. There's also anything that is preventive if we fully covered. For example, anything that will be called wellness visit or flu shots, hepatitis B shot, COVID shots, all of that will be fully covered with the plan. You also have hearing benefits, dental and vision. And you also have skilled nursing facility therapy, excuse me. You also have ambulance coverage. You also have your medications. You can join a gym, care of practice and acupuncture services, virtual visits. You have also, okay, perfect. So this would actually start on March 1, 2024. Okay, so your part A and B stays the same. We do not touch that. That stays with you. You will be adding part C and D. Okay, so bear with me one second. Now do you have a primary care doctor that you visit? That you already see? No, okay, we can set up one for you, okay? Do you prefer a male or female? It doesn't matter. Okay, perfect. So we'll take a look. Bear with me one second. We'll set up one for you. And this would be with the zip code 60657. Okay, bear with me one second. Let me take a look. You Okay. Bear with me one second. Okay, I'm looking for a doctor close to you. Okay, one moment. Okay, perfect. Bear with me one second. Okay, perfect. Actually, I will provide you the information. Just let me know when you're when you're ready. Bear with me one second. Let me see. I can provide you the information, but it also when you receive the information on the exactly you, you will see it there. Okay. Yeah. Perfect. Bear with me one second. Okay. Just let me know when you're ready. Okay. The doctor's name is Henry Palmer. The phone number is 312-766-4949. Correct. And he is located in 3134 North Clarke Street, North Clarke Street. And there's several locations, but that one shows their under advocate health center. I don't know if maybe you've heard of them. It's advocate health center. Yes. Okay, so do you need the phone number again? You got. Okay, perfect. Bear with me one second. Let me just make note of the primary care. Now, do you take any medications? We can actually see how do they fall under the plan? Okay. Okay, do you want to go ahead and review the names with me? Yes. Take your time. Take your time. Be as in picture. You take one or twice per day. Perfect. Okay. Got it. Got it. Got it. My former. Okay. Okay. Okay. And what's your pharmacy? Your pharmacy? Your pharmacy? What do you pick them up? Okay. Central and Edison. Okay. You can continue picking them up at CBS. Okay. That does not change. Okay. Perfect. So let's see how it actually falls in the plan. Bear with me one second. This plan also has your prescription drug. Perfect. Okay. So basically all these prescriptions are covered. Let me take a look. They're pretty much generic medication. So you do not need a prior authorization. So basically the cost will be like 44 cents, 74 cents. Yeah. So that stays the same. One. Yeah. One of them is $4, but the rest are like 44 cents, 74 cents. Okay. So that stays the same within the plan. Okay. So you're only you will be saving in your premium. You would also be saving in your medications. Plus you're getting that extra credit on the social security check. Okay. Every single month. So let me take a look and let's do the enrollment. I'm going to go ahead and send a link to your cell phone. And we'll go ahead and review everything that we discuss. And you just need to confirm and submit it back to me. Okay. One moment. Perfect. Okay. And the doctor's name is Henry Palmer. Palmer. Correct. So when you get your ID card, it's already going to be showing the doctor's name. Again, if for any reason, you do not like the doctor, you can go ahead and always call and change it. Okay. You do not have to stay with that primary care doctor. So I'm going to send an e enrollment link to three, one, two, two, zero, zero, one, seven, one, seven. Is that a good number? Okay. Let me know when you get the link and I'll walk you step by step. Okay. We'll open the link. Let me know when you get it. It should come in as a text message. Right. Your enrollment link, you can open it. And you should go to my information. You can scroll up.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Let me just call on the check on the benefits I'm currently with Humana. Yeah, six oh six five seven. First name is able ABL last name is Amaya AM Ayam Ayam. Yeah, 11, 17, 19, 58. Right, yeah. I got Medicare. Okay. Oh, yeah. Yes, yes, no, no, then dental, here, 6, u, 3, 8, x, 0, 6, v, d, n, 4, d, 2, no, there is no 8, no, there is no 8, no, 8, yes, yes, right, 1, 1 of 2020, the both, yes, yes, not really, you know, just primary, how much do I have to pay? Right, yeah, yeah, I'm interested, yes, okay, no, I really, no, no, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter, the pamphlet, it will be only, yeah, perfect, beautiful, yes, I'm ready, 312, 766, right, 76, 49, 49, okay, 39, 34, North, Gulf, Street, yes, okay, no, I got it, thank you, I take, I take, 2 water pills, yes, you want me to, I got it right here, give me a minute, I got it right here, yes, okay, v, v, u, v, u, m, et, no, b is a boy, u is an umbrella, n is a Mary, et, d, a, n, i, d, e, that's 1 milligram tablet, take 2 tablets by a mile twice a day, that's 1, c, a, r, v is an victor, e, d, i, l, o, l, 3.125 milligrams, take 1 tablet by a mile every 12 hours, okay, s, p, p is a peter, i, r, o, n, o, l, h, c, q, l, n, 25 milligrams, take 1 tablet by a mile every day, okay, number 4 is mid-foring, yeah, 500 milligrams, 1 tablet by a mile twice a day, with breakfast, and there, you see in the last one, if the same as a repeat, yes, okay, so that's it for, yes, that's it, that's what I'm taking, oh, c, v, s, c, v, s, on central and, central, central and addison, yeah, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, correct, yeah, yeah, that's it, I take p, right, yes, correct, okay, okay, palm, palm, okay, yeah, what do I do then, what am I doing? palm, yeah, your enrollment links, okay, all righty, your enrollment link, okay, and then accept that, accept that, accept that, accept that, accept that, accept that, accept that,