Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hello, thank you for coming back here. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. My name is Livia Sappington. I'm a licensed insurance agent and how can I assist you? Can you slow down? I can, I can, I can, I can't touch this fast. Can you slow down a little bit? One, one. Hold on, one, one, one, one, one, four, one, nine. I have to get to my screen here, okay? Andrew Johnson, Johnson. I'm a writer and I type very fast, but I can't write that fast. Okay, and he's the little bird in 1968. Okay, thank you very much. And his first name was Andrew or I'm sorry, it's his first name Andrew or is that Andrew or Andre. Okay, Andre. Okay, thank you very much. Okay, I'm ready to assist. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you so much. So, Mr. Johnson, my name is Livia Sappington and I am a licensed certified Medicare specialist and I'm happy to assist in any way I can. So, what can I do for you? Absolutely, well, absolutely. No Medicare, Medicare, Medicare requires that, you know, Medicare has the basis companies to call you to make sure that you know that there are some extra benefits so I can help you with that. So, that's actually my job. I'm also on Medicare and I see that you're very young to be on Medicare. So, I'm on Medicare because I'm very old. I'm 70 years old. So, but it is my job to assist you. I'm sorry. Yeah, well, that's okay, tell me that in 15 years. No, but I understand. Now, I'm good. I'm hanging in there. So, it is my job to assist you to finding a plan that makes your needs and also my job is to make sure that you are getting the maximum that you're entitled to. So, what we're going to do is that we do a review and see what's available. And if you're already getting everything, get that fantastic. But, you know, have to turn. Yes, people say, oh, well, it's okay. I already get that. And another half to time, they had no idea and they're very happy that they're going to be able to upgrade. So, that's what I do. And if I can find something that you want to upgrade into, that's my job to assist you with that. Okay. So, please note that we do not offer every plan available in the area, but that is the whole point. Nobody has every plan. So, if you already have a plan and you sign up with somebody for another plan, that's the best that they had. But we all have different contracts with Medicare. And we're a huge company. So, we have a lot of things. So, I'm going to pull out the information. I'm going to show you what it is that we have available. And then you can tell me if this is something that's better than what you have, or it's not. Okay. Okay. Oh, no, you've got to be kidding. Well, I can tell you that I am a healthcare specialist. So, but we're a very big company and we have everything. And you do not have to worry about because if it's well care or humana is actually doesn't matter because they all fairly subsidize programs. Well care and humana, they just do the billing and the customer service. They are not the ones that are ensuring you. Go ahead. Oh, my goodness. Okay. Well, well, but do you remember what things you are getting from humana because this is what we do. And I don't talk anybody into anything. But my job is to make sure that you are getting the maximum. That's what Medicare pays us for. You know, and it's a free service to you. But I just want to make sure because sometimes you get some smart people and sign up. I'm on salary. But some of these people are pushing to make some money, whatever they tell you, whatever. I don't know how it's possible that they would sign you up for something that you didn't agree to. That's not even legal. But what are you just saying? You just don't remember. Well, listen, this is what I can do. I can pull up the plans available. You don't have to worry about losing anything because they all government plans. This is not a humana plan or it's not even a healthcare plan. They are being paid by the federal government to manage these plans because they can't manage them. There are 64 million Medicare recipients, me and you both, you know. So what this is, this is what I can do. I can look and use it code. And I understand use it code is 11419. Is that correct? Okay, so I can look and we cannot go over and say are you getting this? Are you sure you're getting that? And a lot of times all these plans gave you the same exact services. Let's say if you have some dental issues, sometimes they give you less for dental, sometimes they give you more, sometimes they give you cash back on your social security, sometimes they give you, I don't know, $22 a month, some give you $165 a month. So there are big differences in what they give, but they all cover the same basic benefits. Some have less copays, some have more copays, some have, they all have your primary care doctors or zero, I mean almost all of them are like 99%, and some also have for $25 for specialists, but some have $50 for specialists. If you don't go to specialists, it doesn't matter, but if you do, yeah? No, well, you don't think you have copays, do you also have Medicare and Medicaid? Okay, so you have both of them, that's fabulous, then those plans are very, very, very good plans. So I'm glad that you have that. Can you give me your Medicare number so I can look up what it is that you have right now? Oh, great, thank you. Yeah, yeah, I don't know. You have that? Okay. If you can find it, I can look it up for you. Well, like I said, I can go into a program and look it up for you very quickly if that's easier. Okay, so let me just look because you said you did have your social security, all I need is your social and your first name, last name, date of birth, and I can look it up. So I can just open up the program and here I am, I'm in. So your first name is spelled the N-D-R-A-N-D-R-E, that's correct. Okay, and the last name is spelled Johnson-J-O-H-N-F-O-N and date of birth, again, is 12, 23, date before Christmas, wow, 1968. Okay, and what is your social or for 71? 0, 7, 0, 6, 8, 4, 4, 7, 1. Okay, I got it. This is second. Let me see. Here we are, I'll find it. Can you just confirm the address to make sure that I have the correct information? Got it, got it. Okay, that's exactly what I have. So now let me transfer this into my other system and that will tell me what it is exactly that you have so I can take a look. Okay, this is the bear with me second. So for that, I just have to read you a very brief statement before I can enter this number in here and it's a, you are under no obligation to enroll, but I will need your statement before proceeding to the plan presentation. It is important that the information provided is correct to the best of your knowledge in an attempt to avoid delays in a password enrollment application being processed. Should you choose to do so? We would like to verify your information with centers for Medicare and Medicaid services prior to any submissions. Do we have your consent to complete this verification? Please note that during this validation centers for Medicare and Medicaid services may provide additional details regarding your eligibility, which could assist your license agent choosing the plan that best suits you. So let me just enter this number here and that would be 9, B, E, 2, H, A, 1, C, U, 8, 7. And here we go. Nope, I did something wrong. What did I do wrong? Let me just enter it again. By the way, do I have your permission to enter it? Is that correct? Yes, thank you very much. 2, H, A, 1, C, U, 8, 7. Okay, here we go. Some confirming everything. Your address is confirmed. You had Medicare since 2001, or day and 2003, for 4D. And then I can see the plan that you have your H, 3533. Let's see. And it appears that it's confirming your Medicaid. Let's see, 034. I'm sorry. That is a humana. He said humana gold plus dual eligible. But I don't know that they giving you as much money. Okay, gives you a lot of money. So I'm just going to check into that. Okay. Let me see. One second, I am just going to confirm that you do what your Medicaid level is. And then we got everything. Let me just look in here. It's 11419. This is just the last step to confirm everything. Okay. It's almost done. 128231968121968, and then 3932HA1CU57, and social again, 070684461. All right. So you are, you have a very high qualification. So if you can find one that's, that's a plan that gives you maximum more than what you have now, I can tell you right now that you qualify because you have the highest qualification. Okay. Actually the second highest. Nobody's good. So just a second. Let me make a copy of this as well. Okay. I used to, I used to live in Queens. I lived in New York City for 26 years. Yeah. Nominale Pass of Texas. Go figure. Don't ask. Well, you know, you know what it is. Actually, I moved to our pass because I was so broke. I couldn't afford to live in any place else. New York is still very expensive. So I just couldn't afford to live there. But there was a long, long, long time ago. I moved around. I lived in Dallas. I lived in California. But now, you know, I mean, that's all. And it's okay. The weather, the weather is very nice. I'm sorry. Yep. I'm settled in here. I've been here for five years now. So it's not that. And okay. So now the last thing that I have to do before I can tell you what this plan is. I mean, are you ready to see that there are, you know, plans available. But before I can introduce them to you, when I can tell you Medicare, before I can review all the additional benefits and Medicare requires that I play a recorded disclaimer. And this is, they just don't want people to feel pressured. So let me just play that. It takes two minutes. It's going to say you don't have to change your plan. You don't have to and order anything. You don't have to sign up for anything. The only way anything could change if you say, oh, wow, I didn't know I could get that. And if you ask me to change it, I can change it. But I, but nothing is going to happen unless you like it. Okay. So here it goes. Let me play it for you. And I'll be right back in, in about 90 seconds. And I'll tell you what we have. Okay. Here we go. Tuesday February 13, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me, does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. Thank you very much for listening to that and is that okay somewhere in the middle of that, even if you're on a due not call list, if we have to reach you, we can send you messages and accept it. And did you have any questions or are you okay to proceed? Because I have this plan that I pulled up, I want to tell you about. Okay, thank you very much. Okay, so one of them will give you $200 and you qualify for that a month. Are they giving I doubt it because they don't, a humana doesn't give that much money, but it has everything. It has $3,000 for dental and everything else is the same. You get everything, you don't have to pay anything for ever, for anything. And this is the one you had and you didn't know that you, they signed you up for a humana. I don't know who did that and how they did that, but I doubt that it would be better than this one because this one has everything. They give you not only the give me, it says $200 every month and the way they do it now is that it doesn't expire. A lot of these things, they give you the money and then it expires at the end of the month or after three months. This is good for the whole year, you can just save it up, it doesn't expire. And what do you think this is better? Well, of course, because I think this is what you probably, because that's what you probably had before from this is a welfare. So, you know, I mean, I doubt that you're getting that from humana because when it comes to the money, a welfare usually does very well with this over the counter money, you know, $200 that's the good amount. Yeah, this is the welfare plan, yes. The humana plan, yes. Okay. Why you currently, you currently have been signed up for a humana plan, okay? And I can tell you from, okay, so just, just bear with me, let me just look up today, I'm sorry if I was confusing. Let me, let me get it straight. So, you are currently, they just signed you up for a humana plan. Somebody and you said you didn't even realize that they did that. Because that became active this month. And, well, the good thing about it is that if you did get a card and they are giving you some money, you should use it up right away. And then this new plan putting you back on a welfare, but you probably had in the first place. It would give you $200 starting from March 1st. And you get all the same coverage, everything else is the same. We will verify you, doctors, hospital, medications, everything. You don't pay for anything because you have, you have this full benefits. And it's exactly the same. You're just getting more money and probably more dental because this dental is, you get $3,000 for dental. Do you use the dental services? Do you need some dental work? Okay. Well, this $3,000 is a good amount. What kind of work do you need because this covers fluoride treatment, fillings, dentures, bridge, crown, and root canal? Okay. I know. You know what? I know exactly how you feel because I have some work. I have a crown that fell off. I want to say about four years ago. And I am just so not into going to, and it's probably not good. It's not good that the crown fell off. But I just can't get myself to go. I know exactly what you mean. So I don't know anybody who does. You know, I mean, people do this cosmetic products and all that. And I'm like, no way. I'm fine the way I am. Anyway, so we can go ahead. Yeah, yeah, probably. Yeah. So anyway, so I can put you back on this without any problem. This is a doubt that you would have something better. Like I said, this is pretty good. And the money is good. And we could just take it away for you right now. And then you have that card from them, spend that money. And then you get a new $200 on March 1st. Is that good? Okay. So let's, yeah. I mean, listen, if you don't remember that they did, there's something wrong with that. I don't know who did what. But I know there are people. Listen, I'm on salary and we're, you know, we had contract with medical in 2006. And Medicare pays my company to help people because they can't help everybody. They're 64 million Medicare recipients. So, but I, I don't have to worry about commissions, but a lot of this, you know, small firms and all that, that's what they do, you know, I don't know what happened. But here it is, you put your right back, you back to where you were, and that you're happy with. So let's just check your doctor. What is your primary care doctor? Okay. Or you have a new doctor? Why? Because of, because of the humana? Or why do you have a new doctor? Oh, I see. Okay. I see. I see what you mean. I see. Oh, I know what you know, but I have, I have a nurse practitioner because I find that all the doctors, they get so busy, they don't have time for anything. They don't even remember you. And I see a nurse practitioner that works for this doctor. I haven't seen the doctor like in three years. I just see the nurse practitioner, but at least he takes the time, you know. So, so what is the name of this new one? Gail Bert. Okay. Well, we look it up based on the address. So you remember the address? Okay. Dr. Gildert. And let's, I knew you all. Gildert is his first name or his last name. Okay. Well, let me see. Let me see if I can find it. Let's see. Gildert. Is he far away from your zip code or is he close by? How long does he take you to get there? Because I have the distance. Okay. Oh, so he's not that close. Okay. So. Okay. So let's. Oh, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy. I have five pages of Gail Bert. Yeah. Let's, let's see. You said he's. Okay. Let me just tell you the city. Is it? Is it? I have one in Jamaica. I have four estiers. Rigo Park. Rigo Park. Ridgewood. I'm first. Okay. Queens. Queens Village. No. Okay. Okay. Now, let's see. So Brookings, not a new high park. That's it. Is that Long Island? I don't know. Okay. Hold on one second. So let's say. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm looking. That's the last name, Gail Bert. I don't want to last name. I want first name, Gail Bert. Hold on one second. Okay. Gail Bert. First name. Let's try to find him. Do you know? Remember the name of the street where he is? Okay. Just one second. Okay. Okay. Oh, you're doing something else? Are you busy? Okay. Oh, I see what you mean. Okay. So when do you want me to call you back? Okay. Let's see. Yeah. I'm just trying to figure out because there are two five-touries, three-toury, and that's when I normally leave because my schedule ends at three-toury. But I can, if that's only time, I can just ask my supervisor that I want I need to stay to help you and that's okay. I can do that. So is that good if I call you back at five-toury your time? Okay. Okay. Okay. So I will call you back then. Okay? And have fun in the snow. Okay. I'll talk to you soon. Okay. Sure. You are. Take care. Bye-bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Okay. Hello, I have Mr. Andre Johnson on the line. He's zip code it's 11419 and he's state of birth. It's December. So again, he's name it's Andre Johnson, zip code 11419. He's state of birth. It's one second, Mr. Johnson. Okay. It's December 23rd, 1968. He has a dual plan and we wanted to check into Andre. Mr. Johnson, I leave you in a very good hands have a blessed day. You too. Thank you. I'm not sure. And they call me something but extra to make sure benefits that I'm entitled to. That's I don't even know. I don't remember it. Thank you. Okay. As well when I don't want to do what I'm not going to change the plan from humana because I recently because the biggest part of my disability actually is my short-term memory. So that's where I'm challenging my memory. And I recently changed from working to Manor and I didn't even realize that I did that. So in the work, yes. Well, what happened? Well, what happened is that a work is in my package that I signed up for. I guess and I went to CVS to shop and when I got to the register, it was not clear. But what happened is that I changed to a humana and didn't even realize it. One of the phone calls my cable. So that's okay. Somebody's here man. That's okay. No, I have. I have. Okay. Right. Right. Right. The last plan I had, the plan I had right now, I don't think I have anything to say. No copies. No copies across the board. Yes, I do. I was going to say nobody else. I think I have it right here. Let me see. He's talking about the red light in the car. No. Okay. Okay. I got it. I got it. Let me get it. I just want to show you that my social security. Let me see. Let me see. It's so fragile. I usually hide it between cards. Because I don't want it to tear up any more than it. It's coming across. Okay. Correct. Correct. 23, 070, 6, 8, 4, 4, 7, 1, 6, 8, 97, 18, 127, 3. So I just want to have a New York one. Yes. It's not showing that I have work here. Now is it? It's not showing that I have work here. Is it? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, I don't know how it is better. You stay. So you like it better. Something. He's going to protect us. Right. I said he's selling in Texas. Okay. Yes. Go ahead. Right. Right. Okay. Actually, to me, I told you that she's from the best of my recollection. They offered me that before. They offered me that. You're confusing enough. So the $200 you're talking about is not. It's not humanized. Well, okay. But man, but what would you do with? Let me get. Let me get something straight right now. Let me get my head. But what can I do? I have right now. What can I do? I have active right now. Okay. Okay. So definitely. You can use it. Definitely. Definitely. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I know one thing. I prefer to go to the neurologist and have him put my hair open than to go to the dentist. I do. I do. I don't like the dentist at all. They need to put me to sleep. That's what they need because I need anesthesia. Yeah. That sounds good. Because I really was. I really was. I really was. Most sold on the work a plan. But when I had to switch back to man, I just had to do so. Okay. Let me get because I have a new doctor. I haven't seen her yet. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, because I was, you know, I was, you know, I was, you know, I was, you know, especially for a couple of years, actually, because my, my doctor, my doctor, he changed up his, he changed up his whole service. You know, he changed location. He changed, he changed the profile and everything. And something's changed and I wasn't happy. I mean, it was his, his, his, his practice changed. He got heavy. He got heavy. He got much more clientele. He moved his office. He got bigger. And he got, you know, he got some, he got complacent, I think. Yeah. All right. All right. All right. All I could tell you is, you know, I can't give you the name, right now. All I remember is Gilbert. I can't even remember the full name right now. And I don't have it on. He is in Long Island. If I'm not mistaken, this is Winter Pass with all. I don't, it's Long Island. I, Gilbert, I believe this is the first name. I don't, I'm surprised to be sure I see it. I see it as he come up with it. Yeah. No, he, he, how about half an hour, or probably depending on traffic, but he's in Long Island. No, he, he's in Long Island, I mean, not well. No, that's our Queen. That's our Queen. That's our Queen. He did not have no, the doctor that I'm looking for is in Long Island. He's in Long Island. He's not I don't, I really don't have that information right in front of me. I don't have that information. Let me ask you another question. It's a, it's a lot possible. Is it a lot possible? You call me back in a little while and we finish the procedure because I'm supposed to help my uncle outside with the snow. Yeah. I'm, I'm kind of sorry. My uncle's out there with the snow and I need to go help him. I'm four o'clock now. I'm about 5.30. It would be possible. Okay. Yes, yes, yes, I'd be ready. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.