Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Good morning. Thank you for calling where care, Medicare. My name is Macy. I am a licensed insurance agent. How can I assist you today? Okay, sure. I'd be more than happy to assist. All right. Thank you. Well, please note this call will be recorded for quality and changing purpose. Okay. And I do have a number here. 716-468-377. If we get this connected, that is the best number to reach you. All right. Thank you. And beside the Medicare part A and part B, do you receive Medicaid or extra help? All right. Well, can you please provide me your Medicare number so I can verify that in a system, see that any additional benefit you are eligible for? Okay. Well, if you can provide me your social security number, I'd be able to verify that too. Okay? All right. Thank you. All right. So before I can prove why you the benefit detail, okay? Put Medicare required. I'm going to play a 90-second recording disclaimer, right? After that, I can answer any questions you may have. Thank you. Wednesday, February 14, 2000, 24. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. Thank you for your patient. I'm able to provide your Medicare information from Medicare system. Can you please verify your home address for me? Thank you. Let me ask you a couple of questions. For this year, is there any medical change? How often do you need to see data? Only twice a year. Do you get any money back to your social security right now? May I ask how much do you get? I do have one of the Medicare advantage plans here. Where can I give that open PPO plan? This plan gives you $77 bet to your social security to help pay for your PAPB premium. Would you like to know more about that? This plan is $0.3 premium, okay, as long as you have PAPA and PAPB. For the medical deductible, it's $180 and for your primary care doctor, as long as doctor in net war, it's $0.3, okay. And for specialty doctor, it's $50.3, it's $0.3 in net war. You do get a preventive dental coverage too, okay, so $0.3 for you if you see in net war doctors. So you do get twice cleaning, x-ray, auto-exam, for treatment, all right, it's $0.3 for you. And you also have vision allowance too, okay, so if you need eye guards, you do get $100 allowance you can use to that. And you do get fitness benefit too, okay, so if you need, if you want to join gym, as well as the fitness center in our program, it's $0.3 for you. And if you have to use urgent care, it's $40.3 only, okay, and for the emergency care, okay, if you if you have to use ER, for the emergency care, it's $100.3. And for the inpatient hospital, it's day one, two, day four, it's $430 per day, after day four, it's $0 per day, all right, but just mentioned, you know, your maximum out of pocket for in net war is $8300. So most people don't meet that maximum out of pocket unless they are very sick, they are in our hospital many times throughout the year. Once you meet that maximum out of pocket, we cover 100% for the remaining of the year for your medical care pay, all right, and for this plan, the highlight is you get $77 bet to your social security to pay for your puppy premium, all right, so how it does it does help you in prescription drug coverage too, okay, so if you do taking any medication, I'd be happy to qualify in the system and then you know it and then go pay that, so how this plan sounds to you that, well, may I ask who is your primary care doctor right now, who is your primary care doctor right now, oh, okay, okay, can you spell the last name for me, edge, okay, yeah, if you can get the name or the phone number, I'd be happy to verify that, okay, okay, take your title proper, well, let me ask you, are you currently taking any medication from this doctor, if you do, you may find doctor's name on your prescription bottle, okay, okay, that's very good, that means you have very good health condition, so do you mind if I mean, do you might change your primary care doctor because I do have a lot of good doctors in your area, you don't might change, right, do you, okay, all right, no problem, hold on, okay, yeah, if you, you know, you always can change that, if you, if you find out you don't like the doctor, okay, but hopefully you do, but just in case, okay, as soon as that, set our term, you can always change, okay, do you have any preference, my female doctor or male doctor, okay, you prefer male doctor, sure all right, give me a one second here, all right, so I do want the doctors here located at 154 Casanovia Street, C-A, C-L-G, E-N-O-B-I-A, street, yeah, sure, 154, and then let me spell the street name, okay, C-L-Charlie, A-L-A-P-L, Z-L-G-B-R, E-L-G-E-G-L, N-L-N-C, O-L-L-A-O-S-G-B-L-B-L-B-T-R-E, I-L-A-N-D-N, A-L-A-P-L, street, Buffalo, New York, 142-10, okay, and you will get a member ID card with this doctor's name on there, okay, and his first name is Drone, J-O-H-N, and last name, uh-huh, yeah, J-O-H-N, Drone, J-O-H like a Henry and like a N-C, and the last name is B like a boy, A like an apple, U like an umbrella, E like an echo, I like a robber, S like a Sam, okay, and the doctor's telephone number is 716-662-2595, yes, mm-hmm, all right, and are you currently seeing any other specially doctor, okay, all right, and may I ask which pharmacy do you use if you do need to pick up any medication, working, okay, yeah, just then you know, working is our preferred pharmacy, okay, so you can continue use work weights, okay, all right, and just then you know, okay, if you have any emergency, okay, you can use any nearby hospital, okay, and let me just provide you a couple of the hops people, uh, which network, okay, give me one second here, all right, so our network hospital, I do see a couple here, okay, one's called Mercy Hospital of Buffalo, a sewing in network, okay, and I do see Buffalo General Medical Center, it also sewing in network two, okay, all right, mm-hmm, and do you have any other benefit questions or concerns I can answer you before we move on to the application form, all right, thank you, all right, so Mr. Ruiz, okay, would you like to provide email address? Well, it's optional, okay, only if you want, if you have, if you want to, okay, H-Y-S-H-A-W, okay, five zero, okay, mm-hmm, okay, so let me repeat that to you, okay, so I had all of you, and then your last name, H-Y-S-H-A-W, five zero, at gmail.com, correct, all right, thank you, and let me just come from, okay, you're doing this for yourself, not for anyone else, right, all right, thank you, all right, thank you, and you are making your own medical decision, is that correct, all right, thank you, so just tell me one minute here, let me just pull everything together, okay, so once again, okay, if CMS approves, the plan will be effective much first, okay, and just make sure when you go see your doctors, or if you need picker any medication, you use our member ID card, all right, thank you, so for my silence, okay, just mention I'm still here, for your mailing address is same as your home address, correct, all right, thank you, and Mr. Lu is okay, from now on, I'm your agent, okay, so if you have any benefit question, you can reach out to me anytime, okay, do you have pen and paper, I'm going to provide you my direct number, okay, my number is A44, 981, 1407, and my extension number is 4713, and again, my first name is May, I'm like a Mary, E-I, and my last name is C-A-X-I-E, yes, all right, so just May, May, I'm like a Mary, E-I-E, I like India, it's same pronunciation, I'm monthly May, all right, so I'm going to send you a link, okay, which you prefer, you want to send it to your message, or you want to send it to your email, okay, I'm going to send you a link, okay, which you prefer, you want to send it to your email, or send it to your text message, okay, all right, sure, just let me know once you receive it, okay, hold on, all right, I just stay, yeah, once you receive the message, can you please open the, uh, where's the enormon link, just open it, and then just please verify all the information is correct, your first name, your last name, your day of birth, and your address, so if everything goes ahead, continue to the next step, okay, on the second page, it asks you to verify your Medicare number, so I did verify that on my end, okay, and then when you get to the primary care doctor, so you haven't seen this primary care doctor, yes, just check the box, say you are new to this primary care doctor, just let me know if you have any questions, okay, okay, so just make sure you complete all the questions, okay, once you verify your Medicare, when you get to the payment mode, okay, just then you know, your monthly premium is $0, okay, but everyone have to answer that question, so if they ever abuse, you want to receive a bill in the mail, like coupon book, or you want to withdraw from your social security check, just, uh, you know, check the one which you prefer, okay, so when you complete that, uh, at the end, there's a lot of human checkbox, you need to check, and then there's signature part, you need to check too, and then there's submit button, you can submit that, and it will give you confirmation number, so once you get the confirmation number, please provide me that confirmation number, too, let me know if you have any questions, okay, okay, so did you complete all the questions, did you submit the, did you submit the application, okay, well, I do need you, uh, yeah, answer all the questions, and then once you submit it, it will give you confirmation number, so just let me know which state you are on now, so I can, you know, if you have questions, I can answer you, okay, uh, you don't have to, okay, you can, oh, okay, is that okay, if I send it to your email, do you have access to your email now, okay, all right, let me send it to your email, okay, all right, I just send it to your email, okay, so see if you can open your email, and then, uh, complete that, well, you can just press the home button, okay, and then you, it's not going to cut me off, okay, you can just press the home button, and then you can go, uh, you know, open your text message, or open your email, okay, you don't have tablet, you can, uh, check your different tablet, like computer, or laptop, you can check your email, okay, so in that case, uh, hold on, let's do it over the phone, hold on, okay, give me a one second, let me see what we can do, okay, hold on, okay, let's do it over the phone, okay, hold on, give me a one second, okay, all right, so, uh, Mr Ruiz, okay, we can do it over the phone, okay, but for the compliance purpose, in order for me to do, I do need to make an initial inbound call to me, so can you, uh, I'm going to hang out now, can you give me a quick call back, the number I provided earlier, A44, 981, 1407, that's my number, and then it will prompt you until my extension number, which is 4713, yeah, call me so we can do it over the phone, okay, so you don't have to do it on your own, all right, I can do it on my side, okay, so, uh, can you please repeat my number again? Yes, that's correct, yeah, please call me right back, okay, so we can, uh, I can complete the application over the phone with you, okay, all right, okay, well, thank you to your number now, okay, Mr Ruiz, all right, bye,

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hi, this is Brady. I have Mr. Haysha on the line. The zip code is 14220. The data birth is 321950. And he is looking for both savings and benefits. Are you ready to take the call? All right, Mr. Lewis. I do have an agent on the line. She will help you out from here. And you'll have a great day, okay? Okay. Thank you. Yeah. I don't have it out right now. 06541613. Okay. 12th, Turner Avenue. I see you made it six months. Yes. I think it's about 15. Okay. Yes. Okay. Yes. Okay. Dr. Who? Dr. Who? That's his name. Okay. I had to find a card. Okay. It'll be a while. I have to find my wallet. I don't have it right now. No, I ain't taking no script. Well, I'll change. Yeah. Okay. It was a mail. Repeat that again. Mm-hmm. One, two. What's the last number? The zip code you gave me? Okay. Yeah, I had to write it down. Yay. Oh, wait a minute. The first name is J. Oh, what? Okay. Mm-hmm. Yes. Two, five, nine, five. Okay. No. Walgreens? Yes. Yeah. Mm-hmm. No. You want my email address? Uh, it's L-O-U-H-Y-S-H-A-W-F-H-A-A-A-A-N-F-F-T, and that little A in Gmail. Uh-huh. No. Yes. I'm doing it for me. I live on my cell. Yes. Okay. Uh-huh. Yes. Alrighty. Eight, four, four, nine, eight, one, mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. X-I-E. Okay. Now the first name is, your first name is what? May. Okay. Alrighty. Repeat that again. Uh, send me to my text message. Okay. All right. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Uh, I don't. Okay. Alrighty. All right. Okay. No, I don't have no question. Uh, no. Uh, hold on. Uh, I don't have a phone that goes to. I can switch over to my text. I have to cut you off and then go to my text. Because, uh, I got a regular phone. Okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. For me to get to my email, I don't have to, I will have to cut you off. Well, I can't do this on this phone because it's just a regular phone. I don't have a computer. Okay. You want me to call you? All right. Eight, four, four, nine, eight, one, one, four, oh, seven. And extension is four, seven, one, three. Okay. Alrighty. Okay.