Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for going to Wilcare. My name is Richard Barouche. He's got the quality and training purposes. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with? Hey, Johnny. How are you doing today? All right. How can I help you? Okay. Let's take a look for you. What's your zip code? All right. And do you also have Medicaid? Okay. All right. So yeah, there should be... Looks like there's going to be a few options in your area that will have, you know, as far as what we do with Part C to try to save out a pocket expenses, whether it's free dental vision or the spending allowance card, but the new ones. But the only thing that does matter is that your doctor covers the benefits, so that way you won't experience any changes. So, who's your primary? All right. So then it really won't have any effect on you. Okay. Well, let's pull you up. Do you have your red, white and blue card? Okay. Well, I can at least show you... Depending on your Medicaid eligibility, be able to get you up to $175 every month on a card that you can use for groceries, rent, utilities, gas at the pump, household needs, pretty much anything. And it rolls over. So, you know, some months are harder than others. You can let it stack up. It's a pretty nice new feature they added. And all of those will come with comprehensive dental, $0 copay, and money for glasses. You know, you probably get some already, but you'll get an additional up to 500. And for each transportation, if you ever need it, just go into a doctor or dentist or whatever. As well as not that you need it now, but up to $5,000 towards hearing aids, getting evaluations, if you ever do need those in the future. Let's see. I can check your Medicaid eligibility with just your date of birth. All right. And it was... It was B-R-A-E-D-O-N. Yeah, but gotcha. Sorry about that. Yep. Okay. So, yeah. You'd be eligible for the highest amount. Now, let me just go ahead and pull everything up. And Connie, just because all these benefits are through Medicare, they do require us to play a quick disclaimer to protect your rights, just bear with me for a minute, and then I can go over the rest, and we can get them sent out to you just one moment. Monday, February 12, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information, unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan-slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan-slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 7-1-1 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. All right, thanks for your patience. Do you have your permission to discuss these benefits with you, County? Yeah, those things get longer and longer every year. All right, so let's take a look. Now the only other thing with this, obviously if you use the VA, do you get your meds there as well? Okay, so this will be totally irrelevant. It doesn't affect anything. You will have access to a network of doctors if you ever, you know, decide to. So we'll have to just like assign you a primary care, but obviously you don't need to go see them. It just has to come with one. And then we'll just need to verify your Medicare. That's the only other thing. Now I usually, I don't need your whole number. I can either do it with a partial of your Medicare number or with the social. And I think did you say it was in your car? Okay. All right. And do you, usually it will take about a couple of weeks to get the card. And then you can start using it on March 1st. There's a ton of other benefits that'll come with the plan. If you decide to use anything medical, of course everything is $0 out of pocket, inpatient, outpatient, all that. But I want to do a pen or pencil so I can give you my direct line. All right. And my number is going to be 844-981-1407. And then extension is 4867. You'll be able to reach me without it, but if you want to go... Yeah. And you'll have, of course, member services, but if you don't need... If it's not an emergency, it's easier just to call me. If you have questions or need to find... Yeah. All right. And do this phone get text messages? Okay. So let me just fill this out. And then I'm going to send you a text and you can just verify some your info. Yeah. Yeah. I just need to put in the info real quick and then I'll send it out. And I'll be looking at the same thing. And I can... We can just finish it up real quick. All right. Okay. Almost there. And are you still at 50 East 11th Street? Okay. Thanks. Okay. Okay. So I'm sending it right now. And then you'll just have to look at... There's three short pages. You just have to verify info and click Next Step. And then just let me know when you get to the second page. And I can assist you there. There should be a link on it from ClearMatch. Did you receive it, Johnny? Yes, sir. It says, yeah, now let's get you enrolled. It should come up after you click the link. It'll say, well, care, do a liberty. And then... No. You just have to click on the link and it should open up and show you like your name and address and everything. Here, I'll send it one more time. And sorry. What was what? It should send to your text messages. And it says ClearMatch Medicare. Now let's get you enrolled. It doesn't let you click anything. But are you able to click on the link? That's well care. And then you'll see the dual liberty. Did you click on it? Did it open up the... Okay. So you should see your info on the first page. And then you can go to Next Step. Okay. And then there's your Medicare info. And you can scroll down to where it says... You should be able to scroll down to where it says My Current Coverage. Yeah, I'm here. Do you see... Oh wait, that's what came up when you hit Next Step. Yep. And maybe it's just... Can you scroll down? Do you see an orange button at the bottom right? Okay. You can click that to go to Next Step. And then from there, the next thing that should come up is your Medicare info. You know, it could be an issue with the... Just the phone, Connie. If you want, I can just play the plan's disclaimer for the card. And I can do it over the phone. Yeah, no, no. It's also like a new thing they're doing. But if it's not working on there, I can always just do it over the phone. I just have to play the plan. Yeah, I'll do that. I'm going to play the plan's disclaimer. And then we'll be pretty much almost done. One check. Well-cared the licensed and certified representative of Medicare Advantage HMO, HMOSNP, PPO, PPOSNP, and VFFS organizations, and stand-alone PDP prescription drug plans. Each of the organizations they represent has a Medicare contract. Enrollment in any plan depends on contract renewal. Non-contracted out-of-network providers are not obligated to treat you except for emergencies or urgently needed services, otherwise you may be responsible for the costs. Your ability to enroll in the special needs plan is based on verification that you are entitled to both Medicare and the qualifying level of Medicaid. The information on this enrollment form is correct to the best of my knowledge. I understand that if I am getting assistance from a sales agent, broker, or other individual employed by or contracted with well-care, here she may be paid based on my enrollment in well-care well-care serves a specific service area. If I move out of the area that well-care serves, I need to notify the plan so I can disenroll and find a new plan in my new area. Once I am a member of well-care, I have the right to appeal plan decisions about payment or services if I disagree. I understand that my verbal signature or the verbal signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the individual under the laws of the state where the individual resides on this application means that I have read and understand the contents of this application. If signed by an authorized individual, this verbal signature certifies that, one, this person is authorized under state law to complete this enrollment, and two, documentation of this authority is available upon request by Medicare. All right, thanks for your patience. They're going to send that out. Did you understand and agree to the disclaimer, Connie? Okay. So the only last step is verification team just verifies that you have my info and that we're doing the dual well-care, dual liberty. And I'll follow up just to let you know as the cards being sent out. But if you have any questions in the meantime, you know, feel free to give me a call and you'll... Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. What was there a reason she got you on that? Yeah, that, like, there's a lot of them. It won't make a difference for you because you do everything through the VA. The biggest benefit, kind of most of them are the same. The biggest benefit between the well-care one and the Edna is for that money for groceries and gas and all that, with well-cares, the only one that you can stack that money up. So it'll just add on. So if you have a month, it's a little harder than others. You can let it build up so you have a ton on that card. No. Nope. It'll just automatically roll over whatever you have left to the next month when they automatically add the new bonus. Yeah, it's nice. And next year, they might all have it. You don't, you won't have to do anything. And you'll be able to... It'll take care of it for you. Medicare will take care of it for you. But if you feel free to give my number to her if she has any questions about it as well. Yeah, you'll be able to use it until March 1st. Yeah, my pleasure. You're going to be... You're going to get 175 a month. Let's see. And yeah, they just don't have the roll over. So you can't build it up if you want more on... If you wanted 350 next month. You just can't do that with the Edna one. Okay. And yeah, I mean, I'm just... I'm going to follow up regardless when you get everything so I can go over it. Because there are some other benefits too that a lot of people don't take advantage of. So I'll call you then. And right now, I'll get you to the verification team. It's just a quick... Make sure you have my number and then you'll be all set, okay? Hi, county. You have a good one. I'll talk to you soon. Just read me one moment. Thank you. Good afternoon. How are you doing today? Doing good as well. Thank you so much for asking. I do have to say just for quality and training purposes, but this call will be recorded. And lastly, the process doesn't take more than five minutes. It simply consists of doing your plan for verification and assessment. To start, today we are confirming your enrollment in two while casual liberty with an effective date of March 1st of 2024. Is that right? I also do want to confirm that you have Mr. Richard's phone number and extension. It's okay. No problem at all. And any questions regarding your enrollment? Were you able to go over your doctor's and medication with him? Okay. Perfect. Oh, I see. Okay. God. And I have one last question from the verification. This is a small paragraph. And we'd like to ensure we have your permission to contact you if there is any needed follow-up. That would be through phone calls. Voice. Thank you so much. Just to make you aware that that would be even though the number may be on a do not call list. Now we will proceed with completing the resource assessment. If at any point you feel uncomfortable, just let me know. Firstly, how would you rate your health? Well, excellent, good, fair or poor. Have you recently been diagnosed with any chronic health condition or do you have any body pain? Any issues getting food, medications or transportation? Over the past two weeks have you had any feelings of depression or any issues doing daily activities? If you do not mind me asking, do you have a living will or an advanced directive? Or a living will or an advanced directive? Within the past year have you fallen? And have you received any of the following vaccines? Which are COVID, flu, pneumonia, tetanus or shingles? And when was the last time you saw a dentist? And within the past year have you used any alcoholic or tobacco products? And if you do not mind me asking, what is the current year? Correct. And your preferred communication with us, what would it be? Would it be phone calls, messages or video calls? Okay. Thank you so much for endrolling with well care. And if at any point you have any questions, Mr. Richard is always here. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Mr. Cronney-Bradon, V-R-E-A-D-E-N-C-O-N-N-I-E. Good. You know, how's that going to my class? I'm wondering if I see, I got A and B, but I don't have C. Fortune 11. Yes, sir. I understand. Yes, sir. Well, say I go to the VA, I'm a veteran. No, sir. Not on me, sir. I finished out my car. Sure. Okay. Yes, sir. I understand that. 10, 23, 1942. Thank you, sir. No, no, sir. Sorry, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Okay, okay. That's a 405. 546222. Yes, sir. Okay, sir. Hold on, please. Okay. Okay. 844-981. 1407-487. Okay. Okay, that's fine. Yes, sir. Okay. Okay. You send it on message. Okay. Verify. Yeah. Okay. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. 405-06. Yes, sir. under what you're sitting in the name, but I'll do it. Hold on. I've got a code on here, I know that. A34C, something like that. Hold on, I was just click on. Okay, I got the link. It's got like a little circle, green circle in it. Yes, sir. Yes, sir, I did. Yes, sir. I've got the space and everything on it. Okay, hold on. So it's 50 AD. Something like that. Hello. There's three. There's three numbers on there, like 50 AD. Some like that. I've got a 50, I mean, like zero dollars, like zero dollars, like zero dollars. So what I do, what I do after that. Yes, sir. I've got it. And that's a free code. But you've got some reason to call for free. Oh, no. How about you just be honest, you know, I mean, Yeah. Can you just do that then? Okay. Yes, sir. So I got a question right now. See, my daughter got me on it. So will I make a difference? I don't know, probably groceries in that. Now, do you have to sign in every month on that card? I mean, to renew it with that next following month? Okay. That's nice. So I just get off that. I'll just tell my daughter get off that. Okay. Now, will I be able to use this at the card today then? Okay, then I sort of appreciate everything you're doing. And how much how much money is that now? 100 bucks a month? We'll see. It is given you 185. Yeah. Okay. Well, I'll be fine, man. Okay. Okay. Okay. You also serve. Okay. Thank you. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good Yes, ma'am. It's eight by nine, seven, seven, seven, five, one, six, eight, five on age six, I'm sorry. No, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. I get all my stuff from the VA. I'm on meds, I'm not from the VA. Yes, ma'am. Okay. Okay. No, ma'am. No, ma'am. No, ma'am. No, ma'am. No, ma'am. I get all my stuff from the VA about two years ago. No, a smoke liby of pack every three days. What's the current year? Two thousand more. Video call. Okay. Okay. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am.