Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling well here. This is Mike Livingston. I am a licensed health advisor. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with you today? Miss Lee, how are you today? How are you and how can I help you? Okay. I can certainly help you maximize your benefits and ensure you have everything you're entitled to. Do you have Medicare A and B? Do you receive any assistance from the state like Medicaid at home? Okay. Well, do you pay any co-pays or any... Okay. So you have Medicare and Medicaid both and is that correct? And well, just so you know our calls are recorded for quality. Please know you do not have to provide any health information and let's use you determine eligibility to enroll. And do you have your date of birth and your zip code there? Centers for Medicare and Medicaid services require. It's you here at Disclosure. Disclosure is a recording. It's going to last about 90 seconds once it's complete. All plans are not available in your area, but we will be able to see which ones are. Thursday February 15th, 2020. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a planned slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a planned slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare Advantage, HMO, PPO and PFFS organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by Autodilor or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident and hospital coverage. Thank you for your patience. Did you understand and agree with the disclaimer I played regarding calls and texts to your number? Did you hear and understand the disclaimer I played regarding calls and texts to your number? Okay. Now, what county are you in? Okay. And you said you have Medicare and Medicaid? Well, I have a dual plan that allows you to get $70 per month to ward over the counter, which is basically your vitamin C, your D3, your Advil Tylenol as well as assistance with any type of bills you may have that relate to the rental payment, pay at the pump for gas, utility, bill payment, natural gas, payment cable and electric. And you can get that $70 every month. If you decide not to spend it, it will roll over to the next month or you can get the total $840 on the spendable card and use it in a flexible way. The dental vision and hearing is also a robust part of the plan. And when you go see your doctor or any specialist or you have any type of surgery, you still pay zero. And you can stay in the hospital for 90 days. And that's what three months or so. So that to me is exceptional. And cardiac rehab, pulmonary rehab, occupational therapy, physical speech and language therapy is also available with a zero copay. Now, does this sound like something you like to hear more about? Exactly. Now, you would have to qualify by virtue of having Medicare and Medicaid. So what I'd like to do is pull up your information in the Medicare system. That will allow me to see what you have and what it is you qualify for. But in order to do that, I do need your permission as well as your Medicare number. Do you have your Medicare number there with you? Okay. We can use your social. Do you have your social? Okay. My name is Michael Livingston. And I'm going to put you on a brief hole. I'll pull this up in the Medicare system. Is that okay with you? If we get disconnected while you're on hold, do I have permission to call you right back? What's the best number reach you back if I need to? Yeah. If I need to call you back and get disconnected, can I call you back? What's that? What's that number to call you back? Best number? Okay. I'll put you on brief hole. Okay. Look, this information up. Be right back with you. Thanks for holding. Thanks so much for holding. I do appreciate your patience, Miss Lee. You're still there? Yeah, I am showing on your Medicare comes up, but the Medicaid doesn't come up. You by any chance have a card or a Medicaid number from the state of New York or Washington. You're in the long view, right? Washington. Let me get that number and see if it'll come up in. All right. Okay. Let me verify your social. Was it five, four, three, three, eight, two, two, oh. Yeah, that's what I'm showing. Five, four, three, three, eight, two, zero, nine, nine. Okay. Let me check one of the resource. Put you on a brief hole. Okay. Thanks for holding. Thanks so much for holding. I do appreciate your patience. And I did get that information. And I'm going to call you right back. Okay. Thank you.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Janet Lee, Janet Lee, excuse me, the ANICE, Lee, L-E-I-G-H, pardon? Oh, well it just said to call you for, if I got a wrong number, I just pushed what they told me to. What the phone told me to? Yes, I think I'm on Medicaid, I'm not sure. No, I don't. Yes, I think so. I'm pretty sure it is. 12337. 98632. Okay. Yes. Yes. I didn't understand what you said. I don't know. Yes. A pallet. Sounds good. A zero pay, no pay? Yes. Oh, no, I have no idea what it is or nothing. I know I'm hurtin' it. 543382099. Yes. Yes. What's my phone number? Yes. You can. 3609161330. Okay. You did it. Hello? I am. I know you got to go out. Hello? Yes, ma'am. Yeah, I think I do. I think so. I have it in my purse. That's like that. Okay. I know I'm on it. Hold on a minute. I can't find anything right now. I'll have to call you back. I know I have it. 382199. Is that it? That's it. Yes. Okay. Thank you. Hello? Hello? Okay. Thank you. Here. You're so healthy.