Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling well care. This call will be recorded for quality and turning purposes. My name is Keith Baumann. I'm a licensed insurance agent. How can I insist you today? Okay. Yeah, I can assist him. No problem. Thank you. Hey, Mr. Ray, how are you doing today? I'm doing good. Thank you for asking. I just got some brief information from the previous agent and she mentioned that you have Medicare's Parts A and Part B and also Medicaid and you wanted to take a look to see if there's any additional benefits. Is that correct? Okay. Yeah, I could definitely assist you with that. And I got your data birth here. Is that May 23rd, 1973? Oh, already perfect. And then zip code is 45661. Is that Python Ohio and Pike County? Gotcha. Okay, perfect. So yeah, we could definitely take a look. Now, Mr. Shipley, is there anything specifically that you're like wanting more coverage of or, you know, what is your kind of current situation look like with insurance? Oh, gotcha. Okay. Well, we'll definitely take a look to see what was out there for you today. Now, before we get started, Mr. Shipley, the centers of Medicare do require that I play a quick 90 second disclaimer. And then as soon as we're done with the disclaimer, we'll be able to take a look to see which plan options are available. Okay. Oh, already perfect. One moment. And here we are. Wednesday, February 14, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 7-1-1 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number even if it is on the do not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the do not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. Already perfect, and thank you so much for your patience there, Mr. Shipley. I know that this claimers a little bit long, but do you understand and agree to the disclaimer that I played about receiving calls and texts to this number already perfect. So I was going through and checking to see which dual plans were available in the area and it does look like we have a few really good options for you. Now it's just a kind of matter to take to see which plans that you are eligible for. Mr. Raid, do you have your red, white, and blue card or your Medicare card number? Okay, let me see. I might be able to pull it up on the back end. Let me see. And here. Okay, perfect. And is the weather starting to warm up there a little bit in Ohio? Yeah. What was that? Oh, nice. Nice. Do you guys usually get like snow still in February or is it starting to usually warm up around this time of year? Yeah. Well, that's good. Are you like the snow or are you not a fan of the snow? Yeah. Yeah, I used to live in upstate New York and then so we said, of course, get their seasons of snow. And I think you like enjoy the first couple of snowfalls, but then once it starts really becoming an inconvenience and then you have to shovel the walkways and, you know, if you don't have someone to plow the driveway, then you have to plow the driveway or shovel the driveway and it can become an inconvenience as well, you know. Um, I already perfect. So yeah, I can look up your Medicare number on the back end, which are simply do you have your social so I can look up your Medicare number? 06. Okay, perfect. All right, perfect. And then I was able to find it. Do you need your Medicare card number by the way? You said no, you don't need it. No, okay, perfect. Already awesome. So I do see that you have part A and part B, which is great. And then let's take a look to see. And you said you have Medicaid, is that right? Already perfect. And here, and so here, four, five, six, six, one. Okay, perfect. Yes, here. And five, 2370. Okay, perfect. And then so yeah, so it does look like that you would be eligible for all three dual plans, which that's awesome. It does show that you have full beneficiary dual eligibility. So that's definitely great. Now, what would be, do you have like any, I know probably like the spendables amount like a, do you currently get like a monthly allowance that you get every month for like groceries and utilities and stuff like that? You said you don't. Yeah, but you don't get anything from like your insurance company or anything. Wow, because we have three different options. If you're looking for like the plan that has like the out of the three plans, the plan that offers the most benefits, like overall, like you're talking like we have the well care dual access, which lots of zero dollar copays, but you get $5,000 in comprehensive services for dental, including but not limited to cleanings x-rays oral exam. Full ride treatments, fillings, dentures, bridges, crowns, and root canals all ed is zero dollar copay, chiropractic services, hearing aid benefits up to $3,000, 15,000 per year. And it also comes with like transportation like if you needed to ride any doctor's appointments or anything like that we'd be able to give you a ride. It comes with 400 in vision and then one of like the more popular benefits is it does have the well care spendables card that is a card that we send you a monthly allowance of $173. And on this plan, you can use that for healthy groceries. You can use it for your cell phone bill. You can use it for your electric bill, water bill. A lot of the year to utilities. You can use it gas for your vehicle so you can use it at like the at the pump. You just kind of use a card and then also you can use it for over the counter items and additional spend additional over the counter spending like allergy medications and pain relievers and things like that. Is that something that would interest you? Now, we also have the other option or to the two options, but the other one has a spendable amount of 215, but it comes with less benefits. So, instead of the 5,000 in dental, it has 1,000 in dental. And then it only has coverage for the oral exams, fluoride treatments, fillings. And so it has a lot less benefits. So would you rather have like the well rounded plan that has like all the dental, all the extra transportation. And like the 173 per month, or would you rather just have the 2, 15 with some benefits with some benefits. OK, so you'd rather have the higher amount for spending. OK, already awesome. So yeah, we can go that route. Now, do you currently see a primary care physician? No, do you prefer we have to set up a doctor for the plan? Do you prefer like a male or a female doctor? It doesn't matter. OK, so it was one that's preferably close. I'm ready. So let's see here. And then let me answer and then accepting new patients. And there's a primary care physician. All right. And then already. So the closest, the closest to this I've accepted. OK, the closest doctor that I'm seeing is on. 100, do you know where Indian Ridge Drive is? No, well, it says it's only 1.6 miles from your location. So it's not too far. I can give you the doctor's name and contact information. And the doctor's name is Dr. Kerry, K-A-R-I. And then last name, last name is Parker, P-A-R-K-E-R. Yes, sir. And then she's at 100 Indian Ridge Drive. She may also work with mental health as well, but she is considered a primary care physician. And she does accept the plan. Now, do you see any, if you don't have a primary care, do you probably don't see any specialist currently or do you? No, OK. Well, Dr. Kerry Parker will be able to kind of point you in the directions if you do need to. If you, you know, do you start setting up like for services and things like that, she will be able to assist you in. You know, if you do need to see a specialist in the future, but if not, hopefully not, but like if she does, if you do, then she will be able to assist you. Now, do you currently take any medications? No, OK. So yeah, this plan could be a good fit for you. So the name of the plan is called the Well Care All Dual Assure. This plan is usually $17.20 per month, but since you do have extra help level two, it will help out and adjust to $0.00. So it'll be a $0.00 monthly premium for this plan. And then just going over the details. Oh, let me go back here. And then so this plan, it's a zero, or it'll be the adjusted amount of the $0 per month. It has a $0 annual medical deductible. It has, it includes your prescription drug coverage. There's no annual prescription deductible on any medication. So if you do end up getting medications, you don't have a prescription deductible. The maximum out of pocket for this plan is $6,500, but you'll see on this plan, it'll be a lot of $0.00 copays. So, and then Dr. Kerry Parker does accept the plan. Now, just going over some of the benefits on this plan. So for ambulatory services, since you do have full beneficiary dual eligibility, you have the full coverage of Medicaid. So you'll have a $0.00 copay if you ever need an ambulance. If you ever needed a same-day surgery, you'd have a $0.00 copay. For chiropractic services, it'll be a $0.00 copay per visit. The dental benefits on this plan include coverage for preventative and comprehensive services of $2,000, including but not limited to cleanings, x-rays, oral exams, fluoride treatments, fillings, all with the $0.00 copay. Diabetic self-management training is a $0.00 copay. Diabetic supplies is a $0.00 copay. Lab services are a $0.00 copay, including genetic testing, which would be a $0.00 copay. To see Dr. Parker, it'll be a $0.00 copay, and to see any other specialists, it'll be a $0.00 copay. Durable medical equipment would be a $0.00 copay. Emergency care would be a $0.00 copay. It does include a gym membership, so if you wanted to start going to the gym, you would be able to use a gym membership in the plan. In regards to hearing services, the hearing benefits on this plan are not limited to an annual exam, hearing aid fitting and evaluation, and up to $500 per year towards hearing aids every year, with the maximum of one hearing aid per year will apply. Home health care is covered at a $0.00 copay. Most immunizations will be covered at a $0.00 copay. For inpatient hospital care, it would be a $0.00 copay. For inpatient mental health care, it would be a $0.00 copay. Outpatient mental health care, so if you ever needed a counselor or a psychiatrist, it would be a $0.00 copay. For outpatient prescription drugs, it would be a $0.00 copay for generics and $0.00 for brand. Cardiac rehabilitation, $0.00 copay, pulmonary, $0.00 copay, occupational therapies, $0.00 copay, and language therapies, $0.00 copay. Outpatient services and surgery, $0.00 copay, including diagnostic conoscopy, $0.00 copay for hospital, non-surgery, and outpatient hospital surgery, $0.00 copay. Outpatient substance use and disorder treatments is $0.00 copay. This plan does give you $215 every month on the well-care spendables card. And then you can use this for, as I mentioned before, for healthy groceries. You can use this for utilities, for a cell phone bill, for a Wi-Fi bill, water bill, all the utilities, gas for your vehicle over the counter items and then additional dental vision and hearing services if you need it. And whatever balance that you don't use will roll over into the following month. So if you don't use a full 2-15, then that balance will roll over into the next month. And going over the last few of the benefits for our podiatry services, the $0.00 copay, educational programs, the $0.00 copay, prosthetic devices, the $0.00 copay, renal dialysis, the $0.00 copay. The skilled nursing facility is a $0.00 copay per day is $1 through 20, and then a $0.00 copay per day is $21 through 100. Urgent care services is a $0.00 copay, and then lastly, the vision benefits on this plan cover a routine eye exam enough to $100 for unlimited contacts, classes, lenses, and frames per year. As I mentioned, for the prescription drug plan, it's a $0.00 deductible, and then medications, if you do end up getting medications in the future, here's one into any medication that's covered in the formulary, would be a $0.00 copay for standard retail and for one month or $0.00 for a three month supply. Outside of that, did you have any questions Mr. Ray on the plan? No, okay. Well, we can definitely go ahead and get set up with the application. That would be the last steps. We would be able to get this plan to go into effect starting March 1st, does that sound good? Okay, perfect. So let me just finish putting in notes in the account here, and then here, and then I'm already perfect. Pretty in here. Pretty awesome, and then this is a well-care all-tool in Jamal already, and then this is one from March 1st, or yes. And then Mr. Ray, is there a good pharmacy that you would like to pick up medications from if in the event that you're getting medications? Bostics? Oh, already perfect. And let me just see here, and for pharmacy, yeah, Bostics Pharmacy, DC is in here in West, already awesome. And then here, here are the medications, yes. Up with kids, CP, and then Dr. Carrie Parker, and yes, and then this is the OEP, perfect. And then here, and then your party is 5-1-193. And then RPE has 5-1-193. And the KDS, and then here, 6-5-0-0-0-0-3-2-0-5. F-B-D-A-S, and yes. Okay, perfect. And then here, Roman, well-care, all-dolisher, yes, recovered, yes. 1-193-3-6-6-5-0-0-2-0-0-3-2-0-5. This is open enrollment period. Carrie Parker, already perfect. I'm just finishing up the last couple of notes here. And then, Mr. Shipley, just to confirm, are you still, let me go back to it, are you still at 4-0-1-7 Wakefield Mount Road in Pike to Nohile? Okay, perfect. Here, and then here, here, and then here, here, and then here, and then RPE, yes. Already in here, already awesome. And then just getting this for approval, already awesome. Now, Mr. Ray, did they call you on an outbound call, or did you call in, and they transferred you to me? Got you, and then did they call you back? Okay. So, Mr. Ray, can you do me a favor? We have to do the enrollment on an endbound call. I can't be on an outbound call. So, would you mind if I gave you my telephone number, if I gave you my number and extension, if you just give me a call right back? Already perfect. Already perfect. So, my telephone number, a direct line, is 844-981-1407, and then my extension is 1363. So, once you dial the number, it'll say, do you know your party's extension, and then it'll be 1363. And then, so, yeah, we'll hang up, and then as soon as we hang up, go ahead and dial that number, and then the extension, and then we'll pick up where we left off, okay. All right, I'll talk to you in just a moment. Already.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hey, keys. This is Rachel with Qualified Medicare. I have Mr. Ray shiply on the line with us. He's in zip code 45661. Data birth is May the 23rd, 1973. And he has Medicare A and B as well as Medicaid. We wanted to see if he has any options for additional benefits and allowances this year. Can you help him take a look today? Awesome. Thanks, Keith. Mr. Ray, you're in great hand here. You both have a wonderful rest of your day. Yeah, you too. Good. How are you? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll just stay in terms of any any updates on anything. Yes. Yeah. Oh, yeah. It's not bad out today. Yeah, it's not bad out today. Very nice. It all depends if we have in the past. I used to. Not so much now. Right. Yeah, it's two, seven, three, eight, six, nine, zero, zero, six. No, no, no, no. Yeah. No. I mean, I get. I get. Yeah. Yeah. I assume it's interesting. The 2, 15, it's been a bit. Yeah. No. It doesn't matter. Yeah. Not right all. Okay. Here. Okay. What is it, Carrie? Carrie Parker. That's mental health. Okay. Okay. No. No. No. No. No. Yeah. Yeah. What's it? Yeah. It's a. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, I pulled out something on the Internet. Yeah, and they call me back. I'll give it to you that, my okay, eight. I'm just going to write this. Right there under my ass. Truth me. Eight, four, four. Okay, nine, eight, one. Okay, one, two, zero, seven. Okay, one, two, three, three. Okay, one, two, three. Okay. Okay, one left. Yes. Okay.