Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  We're calling well care. This call will be reported for quality and convenience purposes. My name is published on my latest information pageant. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with today? And how are you doing today, Mr. Allen? All right. How can I assist you today, sir? Yes. Okay. Yes, sir. I can absolutely assist you with that today. What is your zip code? All right. And I am a licensed insurance agent. So it is my job to assist you with finding a planet needs your needs. I know in this case you are calling and about getting an increase on your social security. So we'll take a look at that as well. On top of that, are there any other benefits that are important to you that you would like to review today as well? Dental? Okay. Are you looking for more of like major dental work? You need dentures or... Okay. All right. So I would love to help you with that. What is your date of birth, Mr. Allen? All right. And if you and I get disconnected while I am helping you, do I have permission to call you back? All right. Please note, we do not offer every plane available in your area. So what I'm going to do now while I'm pulling up the coverage that is available in your area, Medicare does require that I play a quick pre-recorded disclaimer for you. That's only about 90 seconds long. As soon as that is done, I will be right back in on the line with you so we can look at the give back and then also the dental. Okay. I'll be right back in on the line. Thank you. Wednesday February 14th, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan-slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan-slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race. Give me just a moment. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part, D-sponsor. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you would agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by Autodilor or pre-recorded message, even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us a privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. All right, thank you so much for your patience. I know that was very long, but do you understand and agree to the disclaimer I played, including receiving calls and texts to this number? All right, so Mr. Allen, one of the first things that I do need to do is verify your Medicare A and B in my system so I know how much of each benefit you're eligible for. Do you have your Medicare number available? They haven't. Okay, I can look it up a different way. Let's see, give me just a moment. Your first name is spelled DWIGHT. Last name, ALLEN. You said March 16, 1955. And it is asking for your social security number. Are you okay with giving that? That would be the only other way to verify. Okay, go ahead whenever you're ready. All right, thank you so much for that information. So let me take a look here. Do you have Medicaid? Okay, let me see it. Let me see. Okay, do you pay any co-pays when you go to the doctors? No, right? Now, let me ask you this. Do you have any specialists that you go to regularly? Yes, you do. Okay, and then you don't, but you don't have co-pays when you go to them, right? Okay, so you might have Medicaid, which means we definitely can get you some extra benefits and expensive dental. So let me just compare your information with what we have in the system. I am going to read to you a brief statement. You are under no obligation to enroll, but I will need your consent to the statement before proceeding with the plan presentation. It is important that the information provided is correct to the best of your knowledge and an attempt to avoid delays of your enrollment application being processed. We would like to verify your information with CMS prior to enrollment submission. Do we have your consent to complete this verification? Please note that during this validation CMS may provide additional details regarding your eligibility, which could assist your licensed agent with choosing the plan that best fits you needs. So let's see. Do you need new glasses? No, okay. Do you go to your doctors outside of the VA or do you go see all of them in the VA? Okay, so you don't really use your medical for outside of the VA too much, but if you need something extra, they don't cover. Okay, so I'm going to tell you there's some extra benefits that I'm going to be able to enroll you into and you can still keep your veterans coverage because you already have a Medicare Advantage plan just in case you go outside of the VA, but you actually do have you have Medicare and Medicaid, which qualifies you for a special type of plan called the dual plan. So if you give me just a moment, I'll explain it to you, but you're going to get a lot more benefits, just in case you need them, give me just a moment. Let me ask you, okay, you don't see any doctors outside of the VA, not even primary care, right? Oh, my. Okay, what is his name? Okay, do you remember where he was located at the street or the name of the clinic? Oh my goodness, I know that had to be pretty painful. Do you follow up with him or it was an emergency you went in there and they did the surgery right away. Okay, I got you. Okay, the reason I was asking that is because I actually found a plan that has a tremendous increase on benefits that you'll have there to use when you want to. And I just wanted to make sure that any doctors outside of the VA that you go to do cover the plan, but we have every type of specialist in network with us in your area. So on this plan, of course, all of the co payments would be zero dollars if you go to the doctors or hospital outside of the VA, but you are going to get $5,000 worth of dental coverage and that includes ventures. If you need to extract, do you need any extraction? Okay, so your extractions would automatically be covered at zero dollar co payment given that they bill it as an oral surgery because that's outpatient hospital so that wouldn't come out of $5,000, your $5,000 for dental. The $5,000 would just go straight to your dentures so you could get a quality pair of dentures that, you know, that look good, that fit you comfortably with the $5,000, okay. And then on top of that, you're also going to receive so the name of the plan that you're eligible for is called well care dual access and it's like I said, a dual plan, but on this plan, you get a debit card that you can use towards groceries. I'll tell you. So it's 100. I'm sorry, go ahead, sir. Oh, okay. All right. So on this debit card, you'll receive $173 every single month and you can use your card to pay for healthy foods and produce at participating retailers near you, so grocery stores near you. As a debit card, you can also use the card to pay for gasoline directly at the pump for your car. You can use your card to help with the cost of utilities for your home even so like your cell phone bill landline water electricity heating oil and cable TV. And then you can also use it to go towards your rent. I know it's $173, but you know you wouldn't use it as whichever you need it for the most that month. Okay. So you don't have to choose one thing right now. It's just throughout the month. If you need it for groceries and gas, you just choose, you know you go to the pump and pay for gas and you go to grocery store. You can also use the debit card to go towards over the counter items like vitamins, pain relievers, body washes, toothbrush, that kind of thing. Okay. Even like the denture clues too. Okay. All right. So let's see. Do you take any medications that you pay for with your insurance outside of the VA? No, you do not. Okay. All right. So what I can do is just run through the rest of the plan and we can do your form so that these benefits do start the first of March. Okay. So you would receive all the information for this plan in the mail. And you would receive the debit card. Of course, you and I would speak before the first of a month to make sure it's active. So when the first hit you can go use it for groceries. You are going to be sent to catalog to show you all the different foods that retailers near you near you. You can get it. But it's not just meats and vegetables and fruit. There's other foods on there too. It's actually pretty big with what you can get. Okay. So let me see here. What is your phone number? All right. And if you have a pen and paper, I'm also going to give you my phone number. You know, I want, okay, that's fine. I'm going to keep in touch with you after we do your form today. If that's okay. Just in case you ever have any questions about your insurance, I want to, you know, be able to answer them. But what I'm going to do just really quickly is review the plan with you that I'm required to before we do your form. Okay, sir. All right. So the name of the plan is called well care dual access. It is an HMO plan, which means you're required to stay in network with our doctors. Unless it's unless you have VA benefits, of course, it's different. And you can have both at the same time. This plan would just simply be replacing your Medicare Advantage plan that's outside of your VA benefits. Okay. So with zero dollars, you don't have any medical deductibles of zero dollar medical deductibles for ambulance services is zero dollars primary care visits doctors visits any of your lab services, diabetic supplies, diabetic self management training of zero dollars. Durable medical equipment so that things like hospital grade beds, those are zero dollars emergency room visits and patient hospital care and patient mental health care. Outpatient mental health care is zero dollars as well cardiac rehabilitation, pulmonary rehabilitation, occupational therapy, physical speech, language therapy are all zero dollars for outpatient hospital non surgery and surgery are zero. You are going to get $5,000 worth of dental coverage per year. You are going to get $173 every month on that debit card. So what you do not use for one month does roll over to the next month. So for example, if you only use $23 and March 150 will roll over and still be on the card. Okay, it only resets in January of next year. Okay. $173 every single month. Okay. And I do want to add that that has nothing to do with food stamps either you can still if you do receive food stamps, you can still receive those and have this are two separate things. Okay. All right, the vision benefit on this plan does cover your routine eye exams and it does give you up to $400 for contacts glasses lenses or frames urgent care is zero dollars. If you do ever need medical transportation, you will receive 48 one way trips every year or 24 round trips to and from the doctor that's outside of of course ambulance services. And then any prescriptions that are on the formulary for this plan are zero dollars. It doesn't matter if it's a $3,000 medication. So I know you said you primarily use the VA. But if you ever get prescriptions outside of that, then you can use this insurance. So give me just a moment. What I'm going to do is plugging your information so we can fill out your form and get it sent to Medicare. Okay. Let me see. Can you confirm your address for me, Mr. Allen? All right. And the emergency room that you go to in case of emergencies is the mentor hospital, right. Is the is the Lakeside hospital and mentor. Oh, man. So you're supposed to be having fun. Oh, my goodness. So you ended up having to stay out there longer than you planned. By the way, to come back home. So have you been having to go to therapy for that now after surgery? Are you all good? Okay. Well, that's definitely a good thing so it can get taken care of because you don't want the pain to linger, especially when it starts getting cold, it starts raining. Sometimes it seems like the pain comes back, you know, harder. So, and I know a couple of people that have had hip surgery and you have to be very careful after even with writing in a car. So, Mr. Allen, do you ever use a pharmacy outside of the VA? Okay. It didn't cost you anything, right? Okay. Okay. All right. So I'm going to place you on a brief hole to have the approval to do the form with you and then I'll be right back. Do you have are you using a cell phone? Are you using the hospital phone right now? Okay. Don't hang around. I'll be back in just about three minutes. Okay, sir. All right. Thank you. All right. Thank you so much for your patient. So you still there, Mr. Allen? Hello? Okay. Just making sure you were still here. Let me see. All right. So there's a different. Did you move recently? Have you moved recently or within the last few months? Okay. Can you hear me now? Okay. Have you moved recently like in the last few months? No. Okay. For some reason your Medicare was showing a different address, but I updated it till I updated it to the one will not Medicare, but our system I updated it to the 1335 East 90th Street Cleveland, Ohio 444106, right? Okay. And are there any questions that are important to you? Anything that have not covered about the insurance covers that will take effect once it's approved March 1st of 2024? Any questions to have an answer? Oh, it's zero dollars. It doesn't cost anything. Yeah, there's no cost to it. So any most I shouldn't say any, but most Medicare Advantage plans are zero dollar cost and they're really just offered through private health insurance companies to reduce the cost of what Medicare does not cover. Now in your case, you have Medicaid with the state. So you're eligible for extra benefits because Medicare and Medicaid work together for you. So there's no cost. The only time you'll really see a premium is if somebody has a late enrollment penalty and that's typically when they wait to get prescription drug coverage after eight months of getting Medicare Part B, but I see according to Medicare system. You've had it from when you got you've had prescription drug coverage from right when you got on Medicare, so you wouldn't have that penalty. And even if you did the government would have paid it for you, but I'm going to prepare the application right now, so give me just a moment. Are you able to receive text messages? Yeah, okay. What I'm going to do. I primarily fill out the application for you, but I'm going to send it to you. And if you can put your phone on speaker phone, I'll tell you when if you can put your phone on speaker phone, I'll just walk through it with you and read it. And then there's only like three or four things you have to select on there because I'm going to fill out majority of it, but give me just a moment. I'll tell you when, okay, not yet. And then all of this information is going to be sent to in the mail. I don't expect you to remember really any of it, especially since you are in the hospital right now. So it's going to be sent to you as well. And then maybe by that time you will be out of the hospital, so then I can give you my phone number, but I'm going to keep in touch with you regardless. So this is your cell phone number. You're on right, sir. Okay, because I'm going to keep on what I do is after about five days after the enrollment form, so five days after today, I'm going to call you and let you know, hey, Medicare has approved the application. And then within another five to 10 days after that, I call you again. So once you have the information in front of you, we can just review it and make sure you don't have any questions. Okay, give me just a moment. The plan requires me to select the primary care doctor for you. I know you don't really go to one outside, which is fine. You do not have to start going to one. We just have to have one on file. So I selected a primary care doctor that's very close to you. His name is I'm going to send the text message. You should receive it any second now so if you could put me on speaker phone. Okay, let me know when you receive that. Wait a minute. Let me fix this. All right. All right. You should get it any second now. Did you see that text message come through yet? No. Okay. All right. Let's see. It might come up at the top or if you don't have to go to your messages. Okay. Sometimes you'll see it pop up at the top. Do you have the phone on speaker phone? Okay. Let's see. You might if you see it. Okay. So since it's okay. So since you don't know how to open it up through while you're on the phone. What we can do. I can just read the enrollment form to you and I'll ask you the questions. Most of them are going to be auto filled anyways because I was able to populate your Medicare profile. But I just need to verbally ask you then on the call. But it has to be done in pound inbound and since you were transferred to me. But you don't have a pen and paper to call me back. Okay. This is what I'm going to do. I'm going to in just a second. I'm going to hang up and then I'm going to call you so that way you have my number because I have to do the enrollment form on an inbound call when I do it verbally. So I'm going to call you so you have my direct phone number and then you just call me right back and ask for lovely bow or ask for lovely and they'll transfer you to my line. Okay. Okay. I'll talk to you in just a second.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  I'll check yourself from the address that prize us for a part of the year. Oh, get out of the seat for me with your price. I give it to you. Dwight Allen. Pretty good. I was checking this. I've seen the phone commercial talk about taking benefits. I've gotten extra money on your social media to check. The phone is qualified for 4406. Okay. Okay. Demonstration. Yes. Yes. Mark 15, 19, 55. Yes. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Okay. Yes. Yes. Yes. 403-807-821. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. No. Yes. I don't think so. No. I don't think so. Okay. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. Yes. No. I give my grants to the VA. Yes. I'll let the VA. Okay. It's not important, but you know, I think perhaps if you can pick up and carry it. We know. Any part of it can be done for practice or so. But the show is the chances for an audience. It's an art but it is. It's the one. The chance of a something to say was about in power and safety. You bring it upon the audience. Yes. But the signal of it now is a cloud. And the people of South Korea say, they expressed us. Anyway, we'll get you a job. We'll get your jobs back then. Okay. Well, I should be in silence. I should be in silence. I'm so grateful. Yeah. As you, Doctor, Did my hips are both my hip and no then, but and I go he just has the hips I have no Please don't lose. I'm scared. I don't understand. I'm scared more. It's funny. There's a lakeside house throw. Is it lakeside house throw? In mint or. It can't be ice. Yes. Mint or a half. It's陈. It's陈. It's a zop. It's a zop. It's陈. The broken turn of the heart, is broken. I won't stand. I'll stand in child's soul. It's a zop. It's a zop. I think I've got my cheeky probably to go round okay I was not speaking to some guys. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. No. Oh, no. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. I vote two, two, one, five, nine, eight, four, four. I don't have one. Okay, yes. Okay. All right. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. How much do you get on the card now? Okay. Okay. All right. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.