Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling well care Medicare as well as reported for quality and training purposes. My name is to talk on my license agent. How can I assist you today? Yeah, and you said her name was Sheila. Hi, Miss Jackson. How are you? Hi, Miss Jackson. My name is Mrs Brown, and I'll be your Medicare advisor to assist you on today. Just a quick question. You do have Medicare parts AMB. Is that correct? Do you receive or get any additional help through your state that helps you with your Medicare costs that helps you pay for it or do like Medicaid or anything? Okay, what about what's your zip code and do you do you get some sort of disability or no? Okay, how long have you been getting that longer than two years? Okay, what's your date of birth and have they sent you a red what you have a red white and blue card, right? Okay, do you get any assistance through your medical program that gives you any food or utility help that you know of? Have you ever been in a dual program and do you know what a dual program is? Okay, so a dual program it combines your Medicare and your Medicaid. Does the state pay for your Medicare part B? That was a question they do. Okay, so depending on what level of Medicaid you have, you could be entitled to either $190 a month or $205 a month in food or utility help. Basically, we give you the money on like a spendable allowance card through your Medicare by enrolling program. It'll entitle you to either utility help food benefits or you can use it for gas in your car. They don't tell you how to use that alignment. How it works is you have Medicare, which is the federal program. Medicaid is the state program and then we are the insurance carrier. What happens is when you have Medicare, the insurance, which Medicaid pays for the insurance carrier, the insurance carrier gives you all the different benefits like dental, vision, hearing over the counter utility food. And they give you transportation all in one. So if you have any dental needs, do you have any dental needs or do you need to see a dentist? Okay. And you mean like an implant or like a partial, do you know? Okay, an extraction. And then what about do you wear eyewear and you don't have any hearing problems, correct? Do you? Okay, so generally in our program, I do have to ask those certain questions about hearing about vision because it's all inclusive programs. So even if you don't get all of that stuff comes in it, do you go to any gyms or work out at any gyms, naisms? Okay. Well, it comes within your gym that you would get a gym membership in your program, which is called silver and fit. It's for either agency years or people that get disability that got obtained their Medicare early. Silver and Fit is like the Snickers program if you've heard of that. So basically you'll take them, show them the Medicare ID that we send you. And once you show them the part at the gym, you can go to the local YMCA or any participant in the program. If you need help finding one, you can contact me and I can help you find one in your area. Same thing for the dental program. Same thing for the dental program. If there is a dentist, the dentist will, you would get in your program comprehensive coverage up to $5,000 for your dental that will cover oral exams, fluoride treatments, dentures, bridges, crowns, root canals, all that is zero member co-pay. There's nothing that you have to pay. What I have to do is verify your level of Medicaid so that we can put you in the program because, you know, depending on your income, there are certain levels to it, you know, you might be on the higher end or lower end. They have Q and B, Q and B plus. So I'll tell you what your level of Medicaid is. If you have a Medicare or Medicaid card, I would need that, but not necessarily right away. But if you have either or I need you to grab it, give me one second. And just so we not violating anybody's HIPAA, you have, you do have your red, white, and blue card with you. Okay, no problem. I can pull you up in the system. Just so we don't violate anybody's HIPAA, I do have to play what's called a compliance recording. That's just to make sure that we don't violate any rights. With your permission, I can look the information up and the compliance recording just says that. It does let you know that we're on a recorded line. So the only people that have paying this information is you, myself, and Medicare. Also, you did mention something about your daughter, and I know it may not apply to you, but for some people it does is your daughter, your POA, and does she make decisions for you, or do you make your own decision? Okay. So do you need to discuss anything that you need to discuss with her first? Because what I can do, okay. So any program we speak about, I'm able to speak to you about, but you're not able to enroll into it. If she's like your designated Power of Attorney, we would need to have her present. What I'll do, I'll send you a text message and link to the number that you have on file, and then that way she can help you when she's available. Give me one second. All right. So for the food benefit, let me just get that I'm going to play the compliance recording first, give me one second, and I'm on the line also. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a planned slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a planned slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 7-1-1 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number. Even if it is on the do not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message, even if this number is on the do not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpon.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. Okay, and your first name is Sheila S-H-E-I-L-A, last name Jackson J-A-C-K-S-O-L-L-N, date of birth 4, 21, 1961, and you're in St. Louis, Missouri. zip code 63134 and wish your social. Okay, so one moment while I run your Medicaid, just so I can see what level you are, and then we'll go from there. You said you don't wear glasses, and there's a gym membership. This is gonna let me see kind of what you've had in the previous years. How long have you ever been in a program that gives you like the dental coverage and a vision, or do you just normally use Medicaid? Okay. Oh, we found you. I see. Are you still at Kathleen? Kathleen dry? Let's see. Oh, so your Medicare starts on the first of next month. So we'll get you enrolled. Yeah, it don't start to next month on 3, 3, 1, and 24. So we can get you enrolled today. Do you also have a number for your daughter as well as a secondary number? Okay. Okay. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. The 313 is that the area code 314, okay. Uh-huh. Thank you. All right. Sheila Jackson. One second, Sheila. Okay. And the other number that 314728994 is that a mobile or mobile phone? Okay. Okay. Do you go to and see a primary care doctor on a month-to-month basis? Do you know who your doctor is? Okay. So we need to, because your daughter kind of pretty much helps you, we need to find out who your primary care doctors are, and we also need to find out what medications you take if you're taking it, because you do have to medicate. Let me just check your Medicaid, because I got your Medicare. Let's see. Do you need extra hair? You don't take no medicine. Well, that's a good thing. Our job is to, our job is to make sure we go over any medications that you take, just so that we can make sure that it's paid for through your Medicare and Medicaid program. Sometimes people take these really high-dollar, like key moles and dialysis medication and diabetes medication. So we want to make sure that they can continue to get it. So that's why we do that. The reason why we need to know who your primary care doctor is, is because they could coordinate with the program to help you get your food and utility health benefits. Oh, Angie. Copy. And you said your daughter was Miss Sierra? Okay. So extra health is. And you get the extra health. I'm just verifying your information. So we can see which program is actually going to be the best program for you. And then I'll send you a link over for you to get your benefits. You can either do it yourself or you can have your daughter assist you. Yeah. So it's different. Okay, can I speak to her? Hey, are you Miss Sierra? Hey, so I was talking to your mother. She just, I guess she's been on disability for about 24 months or so now. So start in March 1st. She's going to be eligible for full Medicare. And so with her Medicare and Medicaid benefits, she's eligible for what's called a dual program, which would give, it's kind of like EBT, but not quite, because she can still apply for EBT. She has Medicaid, she said. So I do have to verify her. She told me she had Medicaid. So I do have to verify her level of Medicaid. But she's eligible for $205 a month for what's called a spendable allowance. Basically what that does because of her income, she's able to get into an open or dual access program that gives her food utility help. And she can also use it for gas. It's like a debit card or a prepaid debit card. She'll get it every month, same time on the first. It does, it's an all inclusive program. So it gives her dental benefits. It gives her eye glasses, hearing aids, a gym membership and transportation, Medicare pays for Medicare and Medicaid. She does have a seven month window. So she has three months prior to March. So March 1st is her first day. So three months prior to that day, the month of and three months after she has a timeframe to get enrolled in the program. She said that you generally make decisions for her or help her make decisions. So there's an email. There's an email link that I will have to send to either your phone or her. She gave me your number. I was going to call you because I'm not able to speak to her directly if you're her POA. But it takes roughly about 10 to 15 minutes to go over it because she's already verified most of the information. I'm going to work on it. And when I call you back, we can just go ahead. I'll send you the link and she'll start getting her 205 as of March 1st. Just to remind you, it is not EBT. So if you want to apply for EBT, you still can. It has nothing to do with that. No, ma'am. This is called a healthy food benefit. She can't buy things. When she's at the store, she can only buy things like meat, vegetables, and, you know, like bread, different things like that. Yeah. Yeah, but they can't buy sweet stuff. If she chooses not to use that 205 towards grocery, she can use it towards paying a bill. But the bill has to be in her name so they can be phone bill, light bill, water bill. She also can either pay for gas. You can pay at the pump, but you can't go in the store and pay. So you. And you can use it however you want. It's on her spendable allowance card, but she has to enroll in the program in her window. It'll take when you can let me know when you have time. And I'll send you that link. I just need to verify the telephone number she gave me. She says your number is three one four nine four three four one one four. And in order for her to get enrolled in the program, we do have to make sure that her doctor is she said she didn't know who her primary care doctor is and that she didn't take any medication. Now the benefits we have our own doctors within the benefit. If she has a particular doctor that she prefers to go to, we do have to have that doctor's name so that we can assign that doctor as her primary care doctor. If she's seeing any specialist. We provide specialist, but if she has her own preference, she can tell me who she wants and that'll be fine. She told me she didn't take any medication, so I don't really have to go over medications with her. Is roughly going to take me about 15 to 20 minutes to pull her Medicare and Medicaid and just get everything in order. I'm going to send you a link you just go ahead I'm going to go over her benefits. I did let her know she has in the program she'll have $5,000 towards her dental benefit. She'll get the packet in the mail within the next two weeks. It takes about roughly seven to 14 business days. She'll get the $5,000 in dental she'll get the hearing benefit, which is $1,000. And you're going to get an evidence of coverage packet that's going to tell you about the program. She'll also get transportation, which is unlimited. That's tools from the doctors and you know to pick up groceries of maybe. And she would get $300. You could choose which one you'd like. Either $300 or $5 towards her eyewear. But if she chooses the one that gives her the $500 on the eyewear, her food benefit would only be $190. If she chooses the one that gives her the $300 in eyewear, her food benefit would be 205. So that's totally up to her. And all of them, like if she was to get put on any medication, all of her medication tiers are going to be at $0. The program covers and patient hospitalization at $0. All of her immunizations and shots. She does get a free gym membership or $0. When she goes to the emergency room, she has $0. We also help with durable medical equipment such as wheelchairs, walkers, things like that. We help with her specialty visits. Her office visits will be at $0 dollars through the program because Medicaid pays for it. We cover diabetic supplies, therapeutic shoes, lab work, and ambulatory services. We do offer limited chiropractic services in here. And we also, if she has any doctors that you know, if you have a hard time getting her to them from the doctor, we also offer telehealth or teledot, where she can do the virtual visits over the phone. And we also offer some, it depends on her condition, whether or not she would be able to get the personal response system, which is kind of like the medical alert necklaces. We cover acupuncture. Let me see, I think we... And some meal benefits for people that qualify, if like she's hospitalized for some reason, we do have like kind of like the meals on wheels that they deliver to her door. And sometimes she may receive like full bags during the holidays, like Christmas Thanksgiving things like that. Let me see what else. We did her transportation. And it also covers skilled nursing facilities at $0 dollars as well. So if she ever has to go to any type of skilled nursing facilities, covers home health care, prediatry, and urgent care. So if she's ever sick, you could take it to the urgent care at $0 dollars under the program. I have her name. Do you know she hasn't received her red, white, and blue card in the mail. But I do have her Medicare ID number. And I'm going to have you verify that once I send the notification over just to say that all of the information is correct. The address that I have on file, give me a second. I appreciate your time to see error. Okay, Josh. Okay, so the address I have on file is 8, 8, 5, 6, Catlin Drive. That's in St. Louis, Missouri. Is that still her address? Okay, and I have Sheila Jackson, 4, 2, 4, 21, 1961. Are you going to be available in about 10 minutes or so? Okay, you would see a number which is 844-981-1407, contacting you in about 10, 15 minutes. And now have her things taken care of. And then just, you'll be receiving a link. Did you want it to your number or hers? Okay, so I'll send it over to your number. And I'll walk you through just all you do is verify her first name, last name, her Medicare ID number, make sure the address is correct, and we'll assign her a position. Does she have any medical conditions that we should be aware of? Okay, so if her Medicaid, as far as that's what I do, if her Medicaid isn't active, I'll let you know, because in order for it to be in the program, it does have to be actively active. If by chance it's not, you just simply put in the application, it may take about two weeks or so, but once, but she still can get all the other benefits until that, the only thing it would be Medicaid wouldn't pay for the food benefits for her until the Medicaid kicks in. And you also want to be mindful of her not having Medicaid because she has Medicare now because she's been on disability just that long and they will start charging her $174 if her Medicaid lapses. So you definitely want to make sure she keeps it because Medicaid pays for her Medicare premium. Okay. As soon as I call you, you'll see like a well care or it might even come up spam-likely because, you know, it's calling from the business phone and there's a 800 number. So if you see that, that's me calling you, okay? All right, have a good day. Mm-hmm.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  So I have a Miss Sheila Jackson on the line with me should love to go through her free plan review She would also like to get help, but her benefits. Can you help her out about today, please? Yes, Jackson. Yes. I'm good. Yeah, I think I just do just Medicaid 6-3-1-3-4 Yes, I get it. It says it's been about two years over 2161. No, yeah, I had one. Yeah, did not that I know. I don't know what to do. Programme is now. Uh-huh. Okay. Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. okay. Okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay, okay. I don't need to, I do need a couple of teeth need to be pulled and I need one to get in. I think I need an endpoint because I do have one tooth missing in the front and I need a couple of teeth pulled in the back. No no glasses, no correct, no hand problems. Okay, no, no, I sure don't. I need two. Here he is. Okay. Okay, that's great. Okay. Okay. Oh wow. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. No, not now, I don't have it with me now. I'm going to have it. Okay. She made decisions for me. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Okay. Great, great, great, great, great, great, great, for eight eight seven eight eight zero one seven. Okay. No. No, no. Oh, that's new. Yeah, canceling drive. Yeah. Oh, okay. Okay, that's good. Big man. You know what about heart, big man. I know it's 353 something. Wait, wait, wait, I'm getting ready to get it for you. I know it's 353 something. 314. 314. 943. Yeah, 314 is the area cold. 943. 943. 414. 414. Yeah. It's a mobile phone. That's my number. Well, I got appointment coming up on March the 6th. So no, not yet. This will be my first time going now. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Okay. I'm taking on medicine at all. I'll take medicine. Uh-huh. Okay. Okay. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay. Oh, okay. Yeah, it's served. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Right, this is where the car. You need some help from, uh, some like a little food. Yeah, let's get on the line. This is my daughter. She just came in the door. Man, you could talk to. Yes, you can. Oh, I love. Yes, ma'am. Uh-huh. Okay, let's go. I'm sorry. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh-huh. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So she already gave me the T. So that was that one effect her EVP benefit. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yes, that's good. Okay. So she's not seeing like a specialist now. Um. So how would I go about? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm not going yet. I'm sorry. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, it's good. No problem. So. That's just very right now. Yes, ma'am. Okay. Okay. Okay. I guess you know, you know, no, no, ma'am. And then I do have a quick question. Would you all be able to tell the current Medicaid is still active? Because the last time I checked, I think, I don't think her Medicaid was active, and I had put in an application for her. So I don't know like, um, I've got her. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you. The number you have. Okay. All right. All right. You too. Thank you. Okay.