Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  That's all in clear match Medicare. My name is Shanica. How can I help you today? Yes, I'll be very happy to assist you. My name is your name is Sumo. What did you say your name was? Okay. Oh, okay. Thank you. I appreciate that. What's the zip code you're calling me from for 8207? What's your date of birth? November 7, 1950. Do you have Medicare A and B? Yes, ma'am. Okay, that's okay. I'll be able to update. That's all right. That's okay. Is your number ending in 1759? Okay. Yes, I have that here. So have you reviewed your 2024 benefits, Miss Emma? Okay. I'm a licensed Medicare specialist. My job is to explain to you how the benefits work and to make sure that you have everything that you're entitled to. So, yes. So we do have part. Yes. So that is true. If you have Medicare A and B, you may qualify for a part C or what we call a DS and a dual SNP, if you have Medicaid and Medicare also. So I'll be very happy to see what you have in place. And if there's any benefits that you may be missing, I'll be able to provide them for you today. Okay. No worries. Before we get started, I do have to let you know that we do not offer every plan available in your area. Currently, we represent 11 organizations, which offers 85 products in your area, you are able to contact Medicare.gov 1800 Medicare or your local state health insurance programs to get additional information. But today, I'll be very happy to assist you. We're going to start by. Let's go ahead. No worries. Yes. I'm going to help you today. So I'm just going to go ahead and play this recording. It's a 90 second recording that I have to play in case you get disconnected. You don't have to answer any question. While that recording plays, I'll be looking into your benefits to see what more I can provide you. Okay. No problem. I'll be right with you. Third day. February 15, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare Advantage, HMO, PPO and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpon.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident and hospital coverage. Okay, ma'am, if we get disconnected, do I have your permission to call you? Okay, do you happen to have your Medicare number? That's the number on your red, white and blue card. I'm sorry, is that number two? Okay, you said number two, Q for Queen R7, M for Nancy, M for Mary, number nine, U, G for Girl, T for Tom, seven. Thank you, I appreciate that. Let's see what I have here for you. You said your date of birth was 11, 07, 1950, right? Okay, November 7, 9, 5, 0. Maybe I have a number wrong. Okay, you said number two, Q for Queen R7, N for Nancy, M for Mary, R7, and what else? Is it 37 or T for 37? Okay, thank you. Okay. Oh, you haven't updated your benefits in a while. Okay, no worries, ma'am. So let's see what you have here. I am seeing you have Medicaid as well. Let me make sure Medicaid is active. Oh, yes, it's issued by the state. So you have coverage with them as well. Yes, no, that's okay. I'm able to pull it up right now. I see you have it. I'm just going to confirm the level because you're able, if once you have Medicare and Medicaid, you are able to get a dual special need plan. That plan gives you benefits that you can use for your own personal needs, especially with everything being so high nowadays. So no worries, ma'am, it's right. Let's see. Okay, I have a great news. Your Medicaid is active. So you do qualify for a dual special needs plan. It's you have full Medicaid, which is Q and B plus. That's what I'm seeing here. So what that means is what you're going to, because right now, you're currently on a advantage plan. You're just on a regular advantage plan. So that means you do have a, if you do have to go see a doctor, there's a co-pay, but what we're going to do is. We're going to go ahead and update those benefits for you. All right. Do you have a primary care doctor that you see on the regular? How do you spell that? F for Frank, O-L-E-N. Is it Giacomo? Giacomo Foldin? Okay, they're on West University Drive in Rochester, Michigan. Thank you. Do you have a specialist you're seeing as well? Okay. So I'm doing the doctor you're seeing right now that you need to see as Dr. Foldin, correct? Okay. Awesome. Thank you. All right. Let's see here. Okay. So let's enhance that. So right now. Do you want you to look up your medications to make sure they're covered under the plan as well? Yes, it's up to you. So you can go ahead and get you with your Medicaid level. Usually the co-pays would be zero, but you can go ahead and get them just so we can make sure you don't pay anything. Right? Okay. So yeah, what you're met? Okay. Oh, okay. You don't need them. So okay. Okay. So let me see here. Well, we are this because I am seeing that you are with. I'm going to be explaining to you what those are. I'm still going to access there with me. Okay. Got to make sure. I want to be able to provide you the next. Okay. So this is what we're going to go ahead and update your benefits to. Okay. This is what you qualify for. So I'm going to explain this so that way you know how to make use of these benefits. All right. If you need to see a primary care doctor, a specialist or if you need to go to the hospital or to the emergency or urgent care. Those are covered under your Medicaid at a zero dollar Coltay. Meaning you don't have to worry about paying out of pocket. You have the coverage for that. The monthly premium for the plan is zero. You're not paying anything a month for this. You don't have a cost, a monthly cost for this plan. It does give you your prescription coverage. So that means if you have medications that you take on the regular, you are able to get them. Some of them are given. You are able to get them at a 90 day supply. And it should be a zero dollar Coltay based on your, it should be a zero dollar Coltay as long as they're covered under the plan. So you have your prescriptions. I know you said you don't need any dental work, but this plan does not have a cap, a maximum amount. You're able to get as much cleaning. Well, it doesn't have a maximum benefit, a maximum allowance on dental. So if you're able, if you need some dental work done, you're able to find a dentist in the area and the plan will cover your services. For a vision, if you get $400 every year that goes towards your glasses. So if you wear glasses, you need new frames or upgrades. You get $400 that you can use for new glasses. If you wear a hearing aid, you get 1,500 per year every year. So that's up to $3,000 just for hearing aids. We do cover your annual, annual doctor visits at a zero dollar Coltay as well. This plan also provides you transportation. It's a limited amount of transportation. So that means if you need to go to a doctor's appointment, just give us a call. Call 748 to 72 hours in advance. We'll send somebody to come pick you up at a zero cost to you. You get unlimited trips. We go up to 75 miles. You get 4 1 way trips per day. Now, when it comes to your allowance, you're going to be getting $180 every month. That allowance you can use it to put gas in your car by groceries. Pay your light bill, even save it to pay your rent. Because if you don't use it for the first month, it does roll over into the next month. So for example, comes March. You're going to get $180. If you don't use that $180, don't worry about it because in April, there's going to be another 180 that's going to come. So you're looking at $360 already that you are already going to have if you don't make use of it. So it's going to be $180 every month. You can use it to put gas in your car. You can use it to pay your light bill. You can use it to buy groceries. You can use it to buy your pets food. It's up to you. It's called the well care spendable card. But this is the updated one for 2024. So for 2024 starting in March, we're going to make it $180 that you're going to be receiving every month. So you haven't received your benefits in a while. So we're just updating them. That's all we're doing. Yes. Like as I mentioned, if you have any any any doctors, you know, any checkups, it's covered at a $0. If you need any blood work x-rays, any diagnostics procedures, you're able to get them done. They're covered at a $0. So this is a dual special needs plan. Now, it's still your still with well care, but this is the well care complete dual access, dual special needs plan. Are you able to receive text messages to your phone? Awesome. I'm going to send this information over to you. So that way you have a copy of it. You're going to receive a copy of the physical information in the mail, but for right now, just so you can see what we have. I'm going to send this to your phone so you can have just a copy of it in the meanwhile. No worries, ma'am. So doctor folding. Just make sure he's in network for 2024 and he is awesome. Okay, so doctor folding isn't network for 2024. Are you still in Parkdale, Av? You haven't changed you and it's have you? Okay, and you're sure you didn't want to look up your medications, right? Because you said they've been covered before. Okay. Okay, no problem, ma'am. So I'm going to send this text message to your phone and we're just going to confirm that your address is still the same so we can send you your new card out for the updated 2024 benefits. All right. Yes. Yeah, that's the benefits you're going to get. You have your dental vision and hearing. It's still $0. You're just going to get more of an allowance for your groceries. Well, for whatever you want to use it towards. So if you want to use it for your life, it's whatever, but you're going to get more of a monthly allowance. So that would definitely help you know, being that everything is very high in cost nowadays. Oh, you don't like it over there? Oh, wow. Yeah, this is this is helping a little way at least, especially with you having to come out of pocket. So I just the information to your phone don't put me on speaker so that way I can walk you through on verifying the information. I just sent it to your text message. No worries. Now we're not done yet because we still need to verify on the address so you can send a new card out. So we're able to get the text message. Put me on speaker that way I can walk you through. Yes. So click the link open. It's going to open up the information to the well care complete dual access. Yes. So the first thing you're going to see is your name, the co-paste for the plan. Everything's going to be zeros since you have Medicaid and Medicare. Now you basically scroll down. Do you see your information? We just need to make sure your name is spot correctly based on your Medicare number that I have the address 417 Parkdale as unit two. So do you see that on your screen as well? If that's correct. If everything is correct and there's no there's no different million address. If you keep scrolling to the bottom, there's an orange bar that says next step. You just have to click that. Yes. That one you can keep you can skip that question. The systems have already selected that for you. You just have to scroll down to where it says my primary doctor. It's going to ask if you're an existing patient with doctor geocomal folding and you would just select yes for that. It's okay. You can keep scrolling. That's the first question. That's already been answered for you. So that's okay. Just keep scrolling so you see the my primary doctor. Yes. It's accident is here is or if you're an existing patient. So you can just select yes because you can still see him. The next two questions since are you you don't have veteran assistance correct. The benefits is when like you know mel it like military benefits. You didn't mention that so you would just click no for those two questions down there. For other carriages, you're going to click no and no. How you want to pay your monthly premium is the last question. You don't have to select a answer for that since you're not paying anything so leave it blank. Go to the bottom and click next step. Okay. Now, this is the last page. This is the last page. This is basically saying that we did look up your doctors. We did review the benefits. So if you scroll down, you're going to see a arrow next a little box. Do you see that should be all the at the bottom, not all the at the bottom, but if you scroll. It's going to say I acknowledge that we did review the plan benefits. No, that you don't have to answer that. Did you click the little did you go up top and see that arrow the green arrow. Scroll up a little bit. No, no, just scroll up a little bit. Yes. Yes, click on the little box. It should turn purple. Awesome. Now go to the bottom keeps go scroll to the bottom where it says my signature. It's just going to be another little arrow. It's going to be green again. That's for your name. If your name is spelled correctly. So you will you will check that little box under it. That would give us the electronic signature so we can update the benefit. It should also turn purple. Okay. So now on the bottom of that, you should see a green bar that says submit application. Yes, click on it. If everything was done correctly, it should say congratulations and give you a confirmation. Awesome. Awesome. So Ms. Simon, we just updated your well care benefits to 2024 benefits. So you still have your same doctors. You're still with well care. This is just an update that we did so you can get more enhancements to your benefits. So you have you're not going to be getting $180 every month and you still have dental vision here and if needed and you are able to go to any doctor visits this month, if you have any. All right. So no problem. So now just to make sure we didn't miss any information on the updates we did to your benefits. I'm going to connect you to my colleague. She's going to take one minute to review the application we just did to make sure we didn't miss anything. Okay. And we should be done. And no, that's okay. You couldn't leave that. You can leave that link. You can close that out. Okay. So I'm going to connect you over to my colleague so they can review the application we just did. So we can have this effective for you in March. All right. One moment. No problem. Ms. Rain anytime. You too. Thank you. Ms. Rain, I have Laquanda. She's just going to review the application for us and we should be done for today. Okay. No problem. You guys enjoy. Hi, my name is Laquanda. I'm part of well care customer care team. I do want to let you know the call would be a quarter for quality and training purposes. And today I'm just confirming you are wrote into the well care and complete dual access plan. What a start date of March 1st is that correct. Did your agent review your prescription medications and doctors with the further enrollment. Okay. Did your agent review your prescription medications and doctors with them. Okay. Perfect. Just going to go over the resource assessment. This assessment will help maximize your resources. Would you say your host is excellent. Good. Fair or poor. Okay. All right. So you don't have any health conditions like high blood pressure diabetes depression. Okay. And you have a steady place to live. You have a steady place to live. Okay. Any issues with bathing, dressing, walking. So have you fallen in the last six months. Okay. Have you had your flu shot. COVID-19 vaccination in the last 12 months. Okay. All right. So I want to thank you for a rolling. Do not hesitate to reach out to your agent. If you have any questions. And you have a wonderful dance day safe. You welcome. All right. Yes, ma'am. That is all for now. And they will call you to be sure you get your new card in the mail. And to make sure you don't have questions at that time. Okay. You welcome. You have a good. Thank you. I have a phone.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Good morning. My name is Sima Ryan and I received a notice from your office to contact you. Pardon me? Sima is IMA and last name is R-A-E-I-N48307. November 7, 1950. Yes. Can I tell you something? You probably have put my old phone number. Can I keep you to my new one? Before I forget. Can I tell you now? 1759. Yes ma. Good. Actually I already know I've got part A and B. I don't know anything about the rest of these things. Another notice of it. If you have part A and B you might be eligible for DSMP. Thank you. In the letter I have to reply. I don't know what you have to do. That's why I called. Thank you. Thank you very much. Yes please. Great to meet you. Q-Q-R-7. Yes. One, two. Q-R-7-N-M-9-U-G-T-7-T-7. Yes ma. Yes. Yes. Yes. Q-Q-R-7-N-M-9-U-G-T-7. Yes. No, three. One, two, three. Yes. Sorry. I don't know much about my suitcase. And they talked to Dr. Vision. They don't explain it to me either. It says my suitcase is a green card that is issued by the face of the Michigan M.I.S. card, yes. Do You want that number two? Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Yes. That could fall down. It's all around. Let's see. It's all around. Yes. D. Yes. Yes. Yes. Tacoma. The pronounce is Tacoma. Yes. Yes. I used to read with one poem. I used to read with one poem. But apparently, he doesn't like to make a case anymore. So I didn't go. And I'm okay. I don't need to make any more. Yes. If I have two. Yes. Actually, I don't pay anything for my medication. No. And I also have got cards from healthcare. I've got cards for Meridian. I don't know what they are. Meridian, I know this covers the medication and dental. And mental. But I only need medication. Not the rest of it. Touch with my. My feet are okay. I don't need dental. Okay. And 75, I have never had any feelings. Yes. Yes. All right. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Sorry, it is 180 is for what is expandable. I've got a card expandable. Is that it? Thank you, yes. Do you want me to be special? Yes. Yes. Thank you very much. No, yes, I'm okay with the medic. No, thank you very much. Is that okay? Okay. All right, to be honest, I've got, it has nothing to do with Medicare. This has belongs to my daughter, I live here, but I pay all the expenses. That's, I've got a problem with this city. That's a charging pay-up for rents and because she didn't rent it to me. I'm living here free, but anyway, I've got a problem with the city. That's the only problem I have. Yeah, I like it. They're charging her. God, don't forget to charge her for taxes. She doesn't charge any of it. And she has to pay tax on it. It's okay. We deal with this city. So far, thank you dear. Thank you very much. You've been very helpful. I'm patient. Let me check. Your enrollment, yes, I'll go to take my choice. All right, I have to read this. Come good, good, you should know. You're just getting enrolled. What do I have to do now? Yes, yes, it's okay. They are correct. Thank you. That's my medical information. And when I scrolled on it, said you're medical, if you should secure it with them, which is my primary doctor, yes. Dr. Folgen, yes, I did. What do you mean by assistance? Okay, I did. All right, I did. Sorry, after email address, it says preferred language accessible format or green error. Is it trusted site? Is it trusted site? All right, all right, I'll count it. Do I have to click on it? I'll, I'll, yes, it is. Yes, yes, I did it. Great, I did. I did. It's it. Thank you, it is. I did last month, so I don't need it for this year. Thank you. Sorry, I have another thing, free medical information guys. That's okay. Okay, thank you very much, you've been very helpful. Thank you. Have a wonderful day. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, you could get out there. I can't get out slowly. English is my second language. Can you talk slowly to me? Thank you, dear. I told you, I don't need it because everything is okay with my medication. That's good. So far, good. So if I help out of medication, they are good. After high blood pressures, which I take medication, almost both 20 years, pardon me? Yes, I can walk much because of my knees, but I'm okay. I don't need help. No, dear. Yes. Yeah, I have a few months to come. No, thank you, dear. Thank you very much. Can I, can I get it? Is it all? I can cut off this problem, dear. Thank you, dear. Thank you very much. Have a nice day. But