Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Well, it would be all the nod to what Medicare, who I was just speaking with today. Pleasure to meet you, Nancy. You look like you. For sure, I'd be more than happy to help you with that. And are you a Medicare recipient, Nancy? Perfect. Okay. Well, you sound pretty young. All right. What's your date of birth? All right. And your zip code will be resigned. And which county do you live in? All right. And in case we get disconnected, please state your phone number you're calling from. All right. Perfect. Thank you so much for that. Okay. So, Nancy, in order to go over these benefits that are available in your area, Medicare does require for us to verify if your Medicare is active still for these plans. So, I'm going to go ahead and ask you, do you have your red, white and blue Medicare card with you? Perfect. I'm going to go ahead and read this statement. This Medicare statement, and this will allow us to look you up in the system. It says, it is important that the information provided is correct to the best of your knowledge. And in an attempt to avoid delays of your enrollment application being processed, we would like to verify your information with CMS, which is the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services. Prior to enrollment submission, do we have your consent to complete this verification? Yes or no? And what's your Medicare number? Sure, take your time. No, ma'am. So, there are different types of plans that sometimes can give you actual extra cash on your social security sometimes. Sometimes, it could be a visa spendable card where you can use it at over 52,000 locations for groceries, utility bills, lights, water cable, gas at the pump, Wi-Fi internet, cell phone bill, dental vision and hearing costs. It just depends on what plans in your area, and that's what we looked up. Sure. No, it has to be your Medicare card because we're trying to verify you have Medicare. So, do you, if you don't know where you're read? Yeah, that's it. The red, white, and blue cards. So, there should be an ID number on there. Okay. What's that number? I'd be on the front usually. You'll all say it. Medicare identification over. I'm sorry. You confused me after the W. What was it? You could skip the dashes. Okay. A P and three ones. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, okay. So, this is what I heard you say. 9 P like Paul, W like whiskey, P like Paul, 111. Is that okay? 7, and then what's after the 7? X like x-ray? Okay. What else? Okay. All right. So, I'm going to try reading this back. Let me know where I made a mistake. Okay. I have the number 9. The letter P like Peter. The letter W like whiskey. The letter P like Peter. Is that correct? I mean, this is pretty simple. If you just have patience, we can do it. All right. Let's try this. I want to try the one first. All right. The one didn't work. Let me try the 7. There we go. It was a 7. Okay. All right. And are you still located at the 199 Sarah Way apartment 5? All right. Okay. I'm going to go ahead and play our Medicare Disclosure recording. It's approximately about 90 seconds long. You don't have to say a word. All you have to do is listen while that recording plays. When that recording finishes in a minute and a half, I'll come right back on the line. And then we'll take a look at all the benefits you're entitled to. Okay. So, I want to one second. Third day February 15, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information, unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message, even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us a privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. All right, thank you so much for your patience, Nancy. So in case we get disconnected in order to give you a call right back, do you understand and agree to the disclaimers we just played for you about calls or texts at this number? Yes or no? Perfect. And in order to discuss the different benefits you're entitled to in your county that we offer, do we have your permission to discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, hearing, or any ancillary benefits you may need today. On February 15th, 2024, yes or no? Oh, I'm completely aware. And we also are a vendor of Humana. We are able to go over Humana plans as well, right? We offer Humana amongst many other top companies as well. So my job is to see who's going to offer you the most benefits that we offer in your county. All right, so one, one second. And I was able to look up your plan. It looks like you're in the chronic special needs plan with Humana. All right, give me one second. Now we're going to look at the other plans available in your county and see who offers more benefits and perks. All right, it's loading. Oh wow, so it looks like there's 50 different plans that we offer in your county, which is really good. The more options there are, the better it is for you. So what that being said, let me narrow this down so the benefits to offer help. All right, we want to also make sure it has drug covers as well. Wow, that's some really good news. You're going to love this. So I have a plan that's $0 a month, $0 for primary care doctor visits, and when you join this well care give back plan, you get $106 back on your social security check every month just for being a member. Now imagine what you could do with an extra $1,200 a year, right? So in order to go over this plan and make sure it's going to be a good fit for you, what I need to do is I first need to look up your physician. Do you have a primary care doctor or would you like to find one close to your house? All right, all right. All right, so let's find one that's close to you that will make more sense. On a one second, all right. Okay, let's see. Let me go on well care's website real quick. Now we're going to look up providers. We'll go ahead and put your address in here. Okay, you're in Kentucky. All right. And this was the well care give back plan because it gives you money back. All right. Okay. Now give me a second, I'm just going to GPS this real quick. Let's see directions. I was like GPS and it just to be safe, you know what I mean? Make sure it's definitely close to you. One second, all right. Perfect. So I found a doctor's office that's literally six minutes from your house. It's like two miles away, all right. And the doctor's name is Erica Woldridge. I'm going to spell it for you. Let me know whenever you got a pen of paper handy. All right. So first name is Erica. She spells her name E-R-I-K-A. And then her last name. No, I said her last name. Her first name she spells E-R-I-K-A. Erica. And then her last name is spelled W-O-O-L. Like W-O-L. And then the second part is going to be D-R-I-D-G-E. Dridged. So Woldridge. And her address is 187. Adam Shepherd Parkway. Okay. Yup. A-D-A-M. Adam. Space Shepherd. SH-E-P. H-E-R-D. Shepherd. And then space parkway. And she's in sweet five. And her phone number is 502-543-4119. And let me just double check. I'm going to look her up in another database just to make sure everything is good. One second. Always like double checking everything. All right. Okay. Where are you? There we go. Yup. So she's showing up in network. Okay. So as soon as we get you in this plan, so if we do your application today, the plan will start on March 1st. And then you can start using her as your primary care doctor. And you know, just having a- Yeah, having a doctor closer, it just makes more sense. You know what I mean? Like, God, you're okay. God, you're okay. All right. Give me one second. Okay. Let's see. And I'm going to give you one more just in case. It's in the same location. Their name is Charlotte. And that's C-H-A-R-L-O-T-T-E. Charlotte. And then the- the last name is I-N-G. And then W-E-R-S-E-N. Ingerson. I'm not sure how- I'm not sure if it's Ingerson. I don't know. It's weird. Ingerson. It's probably- It's something like that. And they're in the same location in Suite 5. But the phone numbers- Yeah, phone numbers are the same too. So it's going to be- The phone number is going to be 502. 5, 4, 3, 4, 1, 1, 9. You got it. Uh-huh. 5, 4, 3, 4, 1, 1, 9. All right. So give me a second. Let me go ahead and screenshot this too. She's in the exact same place. All right. I'll just screenshot this and put it in the notes. Okay. Good question. So what's going to happen is you'll get to get a new card in the mail. Probably next week or two. And I'll have your new doctor on the card. Okay? Yeah. And they'll- And we'll send you a summary of benefits. And I'll go over the summary benefits with you too. In just a moment. Um. Hold on a second. Okay. I like making sure we have all the information. Just in case you ever call back, you need their information. So we have it ahead of time, you know. All right. Yeah. That makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Yeah. That's crazy. Um. And that's- And that's how you know like the agent you probably were working with. You know, they didn't take that in consideration. I always- that's why I always ask that, hey, do you need me to find another doctor that's closer to your house? Because I know a lot of times people don't think about that. They just assume you're driving, you know. All right. And is there any specialist you need me to look up for you? All right. Is there any prescription drugs you're currently taking? All right. Go ahead. What's the first prescription you're taking now? I can start to make sure it's covered. Sure. Take your time.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Yes, I am on the 80 years old, March 14, 1943, 4-0-1-6-5, I am on the 502-81-1516. Yes, I do. Yes, did you call me in? Yes, I did. Yes, I did. I would be on the front or back. 9, P, W, 7 times 8, 8, W, P, 3, 1. P, P, 3, 1, 7, no, X, and then 8, and 8, and then W, and then a P, and then a 3, and then the last one is either a 1 or 7, I can't make it out. Okay, no, no, let's just forget this. So, this is the goal, it's 9 pw and then 7 and then x 8 8w p 3 1 or 7, 7, ok, ok. Yes, so I am, ok, yes, yes, yes, but I have, I have a humana, ok, ok, oh they be great, you guys, I'd like to have one close to my house, they gave me one, it's damn damn and I've never been to it, never been to it. Ok, that's right, right, I've got it right now, can you H8? Ok, ok, yeah, goodness, ok, ok, ok, yeah, I'm sorry, add on Herkler so I can go to her, that's good, ok, that'd be great. Yeah, this one here, I hadn't even been to her, I never even heard of her, and she's a nurse, it's said. She's not a doctor, she's a nurse, oh I'm so glad to get this, yeah. Ok, ok, alright, how do you pronounce that? Ok, ok, 4-1-1-9, 5-4-3, right? Oh, that's great man, ok. Yeah, she's the same baby as that one lady, that's good, well I've got this card with this one woman's name on there, would these other people take me? Sure, thank you so much, yes, thank you so much. Ok, ok, like I said I hadn't even been to a doctor because I don't, that woman's way down town. I don't have a card, yeah, it is crazy. I'm not even using these terms, no, no, they don't, no. Exactly, exactly, no, not really, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes. Ok, ok, wait, you just mail it.