Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Okay, it's called we record crawling during purposes. My name is Adrian and borrow sooner I'm seeing your life insurance say the how can I help you today? Yes, ma'am. I could definitely assist you in that And do you already have Medicare part A and B? Oh, okay So let's see here Okay, so kind of just to reintroduce myself again. My name is Adrian I've been helping to save money increase their benefits anything medical related. I've been doing it for a long time now So you're on good hands when it comes to finding the benefits and so's if they're out there I'll definitely be able to assist you in signing up for them And we have the pleasure speaking with today Kim Miller. All right, Kim. So I'm gonna go ahead and go through a few compliance item items the Medicare requires me to cover Then I'll go ahead and look you up in Medicare's database so I can understand your exact situation and we can see exactly what we qualify for Okay, all right Of course And Kim, do you make your own health care decisions or do you have someone that assists you in doing that? Okay So let's see here All right, so please know we don't offer every plan available in your area So to see what you qualify for specifically would you go ahead and confirm you zip code in your county for me? 06 517 All right, and what county would that happen to be in new Haven? Okay, all right, so let's go ahead and Get that message or disclaimer out of the way Medicare does require me to play it. It's about 90 seconds long So let's go ahead and play that I do like to preface it. It is slightly confusing. It talks about Sitching plans and cancer policies and this is that in a third It's very generalized umbrella statement So all we need to worry about in the statement is that I have your permission to call you back in if this call become disconnected during this process And two that we're just going to have kind of a conversation about these benefits and if these topics should come up If I can speak louder, okay? All right, let's listen to that together and while that's happening, I'll be looking at your zip code, okay? Yes, ma'am 2024 this call will be recorded for quality and training purposes You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services free of charge are available to you TTY users may dial 711 for assistance Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage HMO, PPO, and PFFS organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part Disponsor Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number Even if it is on the do not call list Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls Text at this number including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the do not call list This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpon.com Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage All right, so Kim, thank you for your patience Do you understand and agree to the disclaimer I played including receiving calls and text to this number All right, so let's go ahead and get right into it our next step is looking you up in Medicare's database So do you happen to have your red, white, and blue card with you? All right Yes, you can you can always call Medicare and they'll send you a new one. I can give you that number Of course Let's see here So the number for Medicare is going to be 1-800-633 or 2-27 Of course Okay Yes, ma'am all right, I'll repeat that back to you just just make sure I have it correct So I have the number six Jason, Jack, Quies, and Q is in queen the number three M is in Michael 4-9 She is in Charlie. He is an Edward 9-4 is that correct? I can do have your permission to look you up in Medicare's database All right Let's see here All right, so we're in would you just go ahead and confirm your name your date of birth and your home address Yep, that's one That's the one So let's see here Do you know if you have any low income subsidy also called extra help they help pay for your prescription medication Okay All right All right, so I know we were looking for that grocery benefit how we ever received anything like that in the past So in your zip code, there's definitely Um, they definitely have that benefit. I just want to see what Um, kind of like what you have right now So we can kind of mirror that and just add the groceries Um, and I'll just ask you some questions the kind of See what you would need Um, in a plan right so In the past year about how many times did you have to see a primary care physician or a general practitioner Just once a month, okay So quite that's quite often if you have co-pays, which I'm sure you don't Um, okay I hear you Okay, and in the past year about how many times did you have to see a specialist Oh wow, okay, let's do it down on Specialist placement Of course, of course, so the way I like to explain it to people is uh So these are private insurance companies sigma united health care humanore these companies um So wherever the benefits are Um, that's where I would personally go So I mean we could definitely find a plan that's going to mirror what you have there except your doctors Um, and since you have Medicaid um, it would be the co-pays are Really non-existent for people with with Medicaid depending on what level Okay, so vision is definitely up there Oh no, it's fine. I I can see if they accept it or not we can just get in the name Um So let's see here Let's just verify I'm trying to verify your level of Medicaid really quick And then we'll see exactly what we can Uh, right So um Okay, do you have your Medicaid ID with you? Or would you have have access? Uh, that's the Medicare The one off for the state itself Okay That's fine Okay, so we can do you do have it or Okay, okay, so we can use your uh, uh, social first name, last name and your data birth which already have those other three Uh, and I can give you your Yes, mom zero four six six four four Okay, and at that point I can give you your Medicaid ID so you can write it down. So let's see Of course You can't Miller, I know What else state of birth What uh, so this is your maiden name Miller Okay Yeah, I have a pretty long last name as well, so I understand the Okay Yeah, it's a lot that's a lot Let's see Okay, so This is the Medicaid ID all right, I gave you your your Medicaid number All right, so it's going to be zero zero one seven five nine zero eight zero Yep, yes, man So let's see I'll be able to All right, so that lets me know what kind of plans we're we can look at Um, so before we even do that Let's go ahead and get the doctors Let's start with that vision doctor Um, let's see and just to make sure I'm looking in the correct It's a coded 06517 correct 06 up Okay, and that's the primary care or Oh, wow I can do that here It's okay. We can do that together here. I have access to The doctors in the area and we can kind of just kind of look at them up on the internet and see what What people are saying about them and kind of just I'll run it by you. So the so then let's get the vision doctor them What's what's their name It's okay Optometry And what was that first part? Ranford so let's see here Connecticut Mm And they have the same Well, what's the do you know the zip code? Oh, a ranford with a B Okay Wait, so that your last name was visa victor ASI Okay Malabassy Okay, that don't Oh Malabassy That's too much Damn, I mean it makes sense Okay, so let's see. So You always knew something was up Man, I think that's better Oh, wow Of course That's uh Usually how it goes with with us and women Oh, no I'm glad that uh You got that figured out Let's see here How long has it how long has it been? That's always good. Oh, wow Smart That's smart. I agree All right, so let's find uh brand Brandford optometrics association Uh, and you said if the code 6405 06 4405 okay Let's do that instead I mean I found them online, but we just have to look if For the specific benefits we're looking for if they'll accept them Just to make sure that I hear you and this is just a An affordability thing you said oh, yeah, of course I want the best glasses again haha All right, so while we're doing that let's not waste any time um While I'm looking do you have any other like do you have specialists or anything like that? Okay, just that okay All in Yale okay, and is uh Is a Yale new haven health is it that one? Okay Uh is it okay? Yeah, yeah, New Haven hospital. That's the one you said Okay, so is it on 1450 travel street new haven Connecticut? Okay, so so they're they're networks. That's good um And that's the hospital you would go to in case of an emergency Got it All right I'm now to find ranford I don't know why they're being so stubborn here um Is there a specific is there a doctor there that Johnson's huge Okay um I can actually call them Okay, um So the number is going to be eight four four Mm-hmm nine eight one one four zero seven And the extension number is five nine three eight um All right, uh And I'll go ahead and call you back and like uh, I guess ten minutes if anything I don't want you to respite the whole process Okay, yeah, thank you Okay All right, thank you Yes, ma'am All right, goodbye Yes, ma'am

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hi Adrian, I'm calling you about the grocery pre-loaded card. I was given this number so I call right away. Thank you. Yes I do. My name is Kim Miller. Sure. Okay, sure. Thanks for helping Adrian. No I do. I make my own. 06517. New Haven. Canonic. I'm sorry I don't know. Sure. Understandable. Sure. Thank you. Yes I do. Absolutely. I'll take a second. I can get it but I don't have it. Is there any way I can be sent a new one because this one's pretty rough. I've had it for quite a while. Do you have a number for that? Yes please. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm going to get the card for you. Oh boy. I just had it. That's not it. One second. I got it. I got it. Like I said this card is rough. It's that you need numbers. 6J is in John. 2 is in Queen. 3. Dash. M is in Michael. 49. Dash. CE. 94. That's it. Please. Okay. Perfect. Absolutely. Okay. Is Kim Miller. You need a little name for Elizabeth. Okay. Name Day of Birth. 925. 1963. And I don't know what homages they have. I was living in 271 Famous Avenue. Or right now I'm on 1730 State Street apartment 213 in Hamon, Connecticut, 5517. Okay. I thought I changed a bit of literature. I don't. I know I don't. Sure. Oh, I don't remember. Once a month. 12 times. Yes, it is actually. I don't. I'd be out of my mind if I did. Mm-hmm. Or just in a hyperplacement so they want to check up on me if you don't. Now I do have one question. I'm on signal. And my eye doctor does not accept signal. Is there a way for me to keep. The things that I have in my plan like the prescription is on. I have to pay for when I have a coping rating. And doctors have done a coping rating. But change so that I'm not on signal and they can accept my insurance because I can afford those bills. Okay. Thank God. Because I go to my eye doctor once a year. I just went and explained to me that they don't accept signal. Although they did say that they'd still see me thank God. Because I'm starting to get cataracts on my left eye. Now is there a way for me to call you right back? Because I'll call them real quick and see what insurance is. They do take. Oh, good. Okay. Thank God. Okay. Good. I'd rather just talk to you. Sure. Was that why I just gave you? Oh, wait. Medicant. I don't. I see what you're saying. I don't. I need another card for that too because I have. Actually, to me, I'm thinking about how to call. Wait, what is this? Oh, you don't want my library card? I don't have it. Sure. Okay. You need my social? Okay. It's 046. 546. 6440. I will do that. Thank you. Yeah. My Maryland name was much lower. That's easier. It went right back. Yes, you do. I'm going to ask you to forgive me that I couldn't pronounce it when you introduced yourself. It's an Adrian. And I remember you said it last time like, please don't ask me to say that. I'm ready. Okay. Okay. Eight, two. That's it. Okay. Let me read back so I have it right. 00175. 9080. Okay. Okay. Yes. It's 06512. I've given them a brand but I have to live out there for a while. Primary care is even further in Clinton. I'll move it over to the place. The thing was, obviously, I was in a relationship for over 15 years. I basically got the doctor. I used to be eye doctor because the sun is. But you know what? I want to stick with the eye doctor because I really like the eye doctor. I'm going to have to find a new primary care doctor as it's closer than Clinton. I didn't have a car. I couldn't go see a doctor for a while. I'm like, it's so sorry. Sure. Okay. Okay. Reafford. Optometrics. I can't pronounce it. Optometry. Reafford. V-R-A-N-F-O-R-D. Yeah. 06405. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I used to go through with my last name because it was Malavasi and nobody would ever get the V. Like, V isn't Victor ASI. Every time it's like, this Miller's much easier. No, no, no. My last name is Miller. My married last name was Malavasi. Yeah, but it's a V, not a B. It was so confusing. Yes. Nobody ever got it right. It was horrible. That's why I went right back to Miller. I just kept it while my kids were in school, so because it would look kind of funny if I went in with a different last name. So I had the same last name. Then, of course, he got remarried as his new wife was pissed. What she doing with your last name? We knew each other before he married her anyway, and I never liked her. So, yeah. Well, her sister was my best friend in grammar school, and now I got married. I hate her. Oh, yeah. She tried to come in the courtroom during our divorce. I threw her out. I said, you're on it. Get her out. I'm afraid. He made her leave. She was real mad. Well, he's stupid. Without her, he's nothing. So, he needed her to be in court with him. Oh, yeah. He needed her to be in court to answer questions, because he wouldn't do it. Well, once I threw her out, he was stuck. That's my life. Oh, yeah. I just don't care anymore. We're talking 30 years ago. I just don't care anymore. About 30 years. He and I are still good friends, though. I don't really care. Well, if you want to laugh, he is seven years older than me. When I was in high school, he chased me around. From when I was 16, we finally got married, where I was 25. And I only got married to him because I was pregnant. I'm not doing it unless I'm not having a baby once we get married. Ten years later, that was it. Mm-hmm. I thought so. Did you find them? No. 06405. If I can say, I really like the eye doctor. I don't want to leave. And I'm like, I cannot afford it. Yes. Yes. Well, also, I mean, I like every, I like all the people they have there. And I have to find a new pair of glasses. They have glasses for Medicaid. Like, my glasses only cost $189. Other people's glasses cost way more. And it used to be when I was living with someone. I used to get these. Oh, yeah, why not? He didn't need the money. No. That was the only one. I do have my orthopedic doctor, Dr. Donahue. It's my orthopedic doctor. He's in Yale. They're all in Yale. So, I mean, I had the only person I had a problem with was the eye doctor. Everybody else was fine? Well, I'm fine with Yale in the hospital. So, yes. Yes. Yes. One second. One second. One second. I would say it's my doctor. I say it's my doctor Johnson, but I think she moves. Let me see if I can find it. Do you want me to call them and just find out? Would that be easier? Maybe I'm missing something. I mean, if you're giving your name. I know your name's Adrian, but if you give me your number and extension, I'll point right back. I'm going to aim for four, okay? Okay. Yeah. Three, eight. Okay. I got, I got, I got, not fast. Well, I was talking about what her phone number up just because I have a brand for Diane here too. I'm going to call and see what name to go under. Please do. Yes. It's not going to take that long. No, I know. Please do. I want to finish talking when I like you. Other people, I don't, not other people I talk to, I don't like them. Not personal or anything. But you're very nice. So, yes. Give me a call back in 10 minutes. Thanks Adrian. Bye bye.