Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling Claire Match, Medicare. My name is Catherine Lidner and this call is being recorded for quality and training purposes. Who do I have the pleasure of assisting today? No. What is it that Sheila were you speaking to someone? Okay. Yeah, I don't see that you've spoken with anyone from our company in a while. What is it that you were looking for? Okay, this is not the Social Security Administration. Okay. I do work with well care. What are you trying to find out from well care? Are you your husband's power of attorney? Okay. And what were you trying to find out with his benefits? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Okay. Yeah, I'd be happy to assist you with that. And so you're calling for your husband and not yourself, correct? Okay, so are you? Okay, sounds good. Are you guys in the same well care plan? Okay, sounds good. Yeah, we can look into your situation. Now, because it's Medicare, there are some steps we have to take to stay compliant. I am required to play a 90-second disclaimer. After that, we can verify you in the Medicare database and we know the best way to assist you moving forward. Okay. All right, and Sheila, can you verify your zip code and your date of birth? All right, so it's good and happy-related birthday. All right, perfect. Now, here we go without recording. Monday, February, 19, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information, unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 7-1-1 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part, D-sponsor. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message, even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpon.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. All right, thank you so much for your patience and do you understand and agree to the scope of appointment and display where I played about calls and texts to this number. Okay, perfect. Sheila, do you have your red, white, and blue Medicare card there with you? Okay. Is it possible to get it? I don't mind waiting on hold. You have your number? Oh, one second here, Sheila. Before you give me your ID number, I have one last disclaimer to read from Medicare. This will be the last one for the call and I do want to give this explanation because it does mention enrollment. We're not doing any enrollment at this time. We're just asking for your permission to verify you within Medicare, okay? All right. You are under no obligation to enroll, but I will need your consent to the statement before proceeding with plan presentation. It is important that the information provided is correct to the best of your knowledge and an attempt to avoid delays of your enrollment application being processed. We would like to verify your information with CMS Center for Medicare Services prior to enrollment submission. Do we have your consent to complete this verification? Please note that during this verification, CMS may provide additional details which could assist your license agent with choosing a plan that best fits your needs. All right, I'm ready for your Medicare ID number. And that's your Medicare number? Okay. So you have one of the older Medicare cards. All right. One second here. Let's take a look. Okay. It's just taken. It's time to load one moment. Okay. I do see you here. One second. Let me look through this. No, I see you here. I'm just going through your information, seeing the best way for us to assist you. And it looks like you recently switched your plan. Is that correct? So it looks like you're going to be with well care. Is that correct? Okay. No worries. Yeah. It looks like you switched to well care for next month, which. Do you know why you made this change? Okay. And let's see here. She let you don't have anyone who assist you with your medical decisions, correct? Are they your power of attorney? Okay. So they help you as needed. Okay. So no one would be able to change your plan without you knowing, correct? I'm sorry. But if they're not power of attorney, they wouldn't be able to do that. Okay. Let's see here. Okay. So it looks like you can get. Yes. And it looks. Bear with me one moment here, Sheila. It does look like you may be able to get more than you're receiving. I'm just trying to figure out what's going on here. I'm just having a system issue that I'm trying to get past. Okay. One moment here. And are you just seeing a primary care doctor at this time, or do you also see specialists? Okay. And who is your primary care doctor? Okay. You said Otis Jones. Okay. Okay. Sounds good. Awesome. All right. I've got this up and running. So yeah. It looks like you do qualify for more than you're receiving. You're just seeing your primary care doctor, no other specialist, correct? Okay. So it looks like with well care, you could be getting $77 back into social security every month. Which that ends up being more than a grocery allowance in your area. So that would be the way to receive more than you are receiving. Okay. All right. Do you want me to help you get this allowance? Yeah. I'd be happy to. Okay. Okay. And do you take any medications? Okay. Okay. One moment here. And then what's your preferred hospital, Sheila? I'm sorry. Okay. It's just taking me a second to get to the hospital. Look up. Bear with me. Okay. We're looking at the well care give back hospitals. Okay. So I have the Brockdale Hospital. What hospital is your preferred? And there's no other name for it, correct? Downstate. State University of New York. Okay. Okay. And do you have a list of your medications there with you? Okay. We're going to want to plug those in so I can let you know how those are going to be covered. I can barely hear you. Sheila. Okay. Are you getting your medications together? You got those there with you? All right. Perfect. Let's go ahead and add them in. I'm ready when you are. We spell that one for me. Okay. And what milligram did you say? How many times per day? Ready for your next. Saxony or tar tree? What milligram? Okay. How many times per day? Ready for your next. We spell that one. Five milligram. How many per day? Sounds good. Ready for your next. How many times? Okay. Ready for your next. How many times? Go ahead. Ready for your next. We spell that one in that milligram. Okay. Ready for your next. Go ahead and spell it one more time. And what milligram? How many times? Sounds good. Ready for your next. Okay. All right. And then what's your preferred pharmacy on Columbus place? Sheila. I'm sorry. Oh, you fill them at care mark. Okay. So online. Okay. And Sheila, can you verify your address for me? Okay. Perfect. Perfect. So it does look like you qualify for this give back plan with well care. Okay. My pleasure. All right. So let's see here. What I'm going to do here, Sheila, is go through your prescriptions, tell you what tiers they are. And if there's any restrictions, this information is going to be pretty pointless until we're going through the summary of benefits. And I let you know about the co case. Okay. Okay. For the meadow lezone, it's tier two. There's no restrictions. Metoprolol, tier one, no restrictions. Amaloridine. Amaloride is tier two, no restrictions. For rosamide, tier one, no restrictions. Allopurinol, tier one, no restrictions. Clonidine, tier one, no restrictions. And don't nepazil is tier one with quantity limits 30 tablets for 30 days. That's nothing new. Your doctor's aware of quantity limits. Okay. All right. So the monthly premium on this plan is zero dollars, but well care is going to put $77 back into your social security every month. Okay. My pleasure. There is a small deductible of $180 for select part B services, but that's it. The maximum out of pocket for in network is 8,300 and for in and out of network combined, it's 11,300. The inpatient hospital coverage is 430 per day days one through four and zero dollars for it. Sheila, did you have a question? Sheila, I can't hear you. Okay. And you will receive this in a welcome packet with all your planned details. Okay. My pleasure. All right. And if you have any questions as I'm going through this, feel free to interrupt me. Okay. All right. So for outpatient hospital services, it's zero dollars for diagnostic colonoscopy and 20% for outpatient surgical services. And then $400 for each outpatient non-surgical service, including outpatient palliative care out of network is a 40% co insurance. Outpatient hospital is $100 and then for the ambulatory surgical center, no more than 250 to see your primary care doctor in network is zero dollars and it looks like doctor. Otis Jones is a network for you. Okay. If you were to see a different doctor out of network, you'd pay no more than $25. The specialist copay is $50 and network and 40% out and out of networks seems to be a pretty standard 40% so if that changes, I'll let you know that moving forward. Okay. Sheila. Hello. Sheila. Can you hear me? Okay. Perfect. Emergency care, no more than 100 and urgent care, no more than 40 and this does come with worldwide emergency urgent care and ambulance. Okay. For diagnostic services and labs, it's zero dollars for other labs and no more than $50 for generic testing. Outpatient X-rays, no more than $25 and then for diagnostic radiology services, it would be zero dollars for a mammogram and 400 for all others. This does come with a routine hearing exam at no additional cost and a hearing aid allowance of $350 per year every year for dental. It's zero dollars for preventative and 50% co-insurance for out of network and that includes two cleanings X-rays and two oral exams. Comprehensive would be a $50 copay and then it looks like you would be getting. Let's see here. For your vision, it'd be zero dollars for a diabetic eye exam and routine eye exam and you're going to get a glaucoma screening at no additional cost and an allowance of $100 to go towards classes or contacts. Skilled nursing facility is zero dollars per day, days one through 20, 203 per day, days 21 to 70 and zero dollars for any additional day. For ambulance, ground or air, no more than 270 and for Medicare Part B drugs and other chemotherapy drugs, it's going to be a 20% co-insurance. It's pretty standard for the plans. Now, for the prescriptions, there is a deductible on tears 3, 4, and 5. And then when you pick up tier 1 at a preferred pharmacy, it's zero dollars and the standard 1, tier 2 at a preferred pharmacy is zero and standard 2. Tier 3 is $42 at preferred and 47 at standard, tier 4, 50% and tier 5 no more than 25%. Okay, so it looks like, one second here, all of your medications would cost you zero dollars. Okay, good. Good. Pediatary services, no more than 50 and there is home health care at no additional cost as well as a meal benefit if you were ever discharged from an inpatient hospital's day. You would be contacted to schedule delivery of three meals per day over 14 days, so a total of 42 meals, durable medical equipment such as CPAP machines, wheelchair's oxygen, this is pretty standard. It's going to be a 20% co-insurance, diabetic supplies covered at zero dollars. And this does come with the wellness program. Let's see here. All right, do you have any questions on the benefits at this time, Sheila? Yeah, absolutely. Okay. And are you calling from a cell phone? Do you feel pretty comfortable using your cell phone? Like, if I text you the application, can you put the phone on speaker? Okay. And then complete the application with me. Okay, so we're looking at the well care give back open again, zero dollar monthly premium. Let's see here. I'll let you know when I do send it, I'm just setting up the application as we speak. Okay, and Sheila, you are the applicant and power of attorney over yourself, correct? Okay. It's going to be on your cell phone. Do you prefer I email you the application? Hold on. All right, so do you want me to text the application to the phone number of three, four, seven, eight, five, seven, zero, zero, three, eight? Okay. The application has been sent, let me know when you receive it, do you have the phone on speaker? Okay. Okay. . .

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  She really told her, did I just speak to you? Yeah, I just hung up on some of them, and I forgot to ask her another question. Anyhow, this was the social security. No, I read them in every given number, but I just, oh, it's really short. Got me that, I just thought. Why did I do that? I don't even know where it took to be. Come on. This is where it came. Oh, but my husband's name is it. Yeah, he is right. He is right here. If he wants to talk. Um, but what is, um, because this is a new thing started now. To just switch from one to next. I want to find out what he is eligible for. Yeah, just for another person about myself. You could check me too. You could check me too. Yeah. All right. I understand that. Thank you. One, one, two, three, three. January 20th, 1939. Thank you. Yes. Yes, I do. You know, but I could give you my number. I could give you my number. 0, 8, 9, 4, 4. Yes. Yes, you do. 0, 8, 9, 4, 4, 1, 4, 0, 5. That's my sources. Yes, it says Medicare claim number. Yeah. All right. Right. You have resources to go to get switched away. Medicare. I don't know. I would have to check and see. I can't remember doing it. My daughter is all my son. I didn't sign up for overturned but did get me into the doctor and do whatever. Yes. Well, there would change it. I would have to talk to them and see if they change it. Well, I can't remember changing it. You said Medicare. It was Medicare. All right. Because I keep receiving stuff from them but I can't remember. All right. I would call them if they were school. All right. I haven't seen the specialist in a long time. I just see my regular primary doctor. Okay. What is Jones? Yeah. No. Please. If you can. Yeah. Medicare. Don't stay at medical centers. All university hospitals. That sounds good. I don't have any. Yeah. What do you find? University hospitals. It's on Clarkson Avenue. Don't stay at medical centers. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hello. Yeah. Metal is on. Fabric plays milligrams. M-E-T. Or L. E-Z. Or any. Five milligrams. Everyday. Or, two milligrams once daily. For us a mind, 80 milligrams, one tablet every other day. I'll appear in on tablet. There's a hundred milligrams, two tablets once a day. And non-adding, I jacloro, Cl and ID, I any, 0.03, no, 0.3 milligrams, one tablet twice a day. Down the puzzle, D-O-N-E-P-E-Z-I-L, I jacloro, D-O-N-E-P-E-Z-I-L, five milligrams, one tablet every, and the ice cream, 81 milligrams, one tablet by most every day. That's it, that's it, CVS, yeah, no, this was still like, this was still like KMR, no, this, these, these descriptions were still like KMR, no, this was, we'll call it, this was still like, W-W dot KMR dot com. And the phone number was one, it, it, it, six, nine, it, zero, five, seven, seven. Guys, I have problem getting back and forth to be dropped on, and I did one thing, I have everything, 1680 sterling place, apartment 2F, as in Frank, Brooklyn, New York, 11233. I do, thank you. All right, thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you. I wanted to write, I wanted to write, I wanted to write, I wanted to write, what you was telling me. But the pen, the pen give hold on me. Okay, thank you. Yeah. All right. Ji-la. Yeah. Thank you. I don't really say- Oh, I hear you now. Okay. Do you know the song, my picture. I'm surprised that, you know, the benefit is so good, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, So I'll put it now. Okay. Okay. Yes. It's going to be on the computer. Yeah, let's put it on the computer. Is it coming out? Yes. Yes.