Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hello, and thank you for calling clear match Medicare. My name is Brian Bies. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with today? Okay, yeah, I definitely can what's the CID all right and any specific plan that he's looking to go back into or just anything well care Okay Not a problem. I can help whenever you're ready Hello, Mr. Turpin. My name is Brian Bies, and I will be the agent assisting you today. How are you doing? All right, and I'll be more than happy to assist. Let me take a look at the notes here. I see here that You have some medications here that you need a help with and I your plan does have a deductible So if I understand correctly, you're looking for something where you could get your medication What was that? Okay, of course Yep, not a not a problem and yeah for me to get started here I do have to play a 90 second disclaimer in order to stay compliant with the government and we'll definitely be able to go ahead and get you back on that Well care plan. But before that, I'm gonna go ahead and play that disclaimer get it out of the way and then we'll get started, okay Thank you. One moment Friday February 16th 2024 This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex If you speak a language other than English language assistance services free of charge are available to you TTY users may dial 711 for assistance Plans are insured were covered by a Medicare advantage HMO, PPO and PFFS organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason We will need to reach you at this number even if it is on the do not call list Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls texts at this number including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message Even if this number is on the do not call list This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage Thank you very much for your patience. Do you understand and agree to that disclaimer? I just played All right, and what I'll need to get started is your Medicare number. Go ahead when you're ready. So I could take a look at your coverage and see exactly what's going on Okay Sure, yep, go ahead All right, allow me one moment Okay, yeah, if you have the number yeah easier with the number go ahead with the number All right, thank you very much All right, and are you still at nine Montgomery way apartment six? All right Um, you want moment here and when it comes to your primary care doctor, who's your primary care doctor at the moment If If he's prescribed you any medications, it should be on the medication bottle as well Okay All right Okay, yeah, in that case we can also go ahead and assign you a new primary care doctor if you'd like Okay Not a problem All right, and so would you like to keep him or would you like to get a new doctor? Okay Okay No problem Okay, so normally what would happen is um let me hear Um It depends on the plan that you qualify for with well care some plans are ppo's and you could go outside the network But it's usually a little bit more expensive than HMOs Um, so let me take a look and then worst case scenario What was that? Oh wow No, I completely understand But yeah, worst case scenario like I was saying once you get your new primary care doctor He will be able to take over everything and give you your medications and everything else as well So allow me one moment Let me take a look here All right, and do you have a preference when it comes to a doctor, male or female? Okay Mm-hmm, and yep, I have a highly Okay Yeah, I was gonna say I have a highly rated doctor here in your area um by the name of Pamela Davis um and she's a 41 um Backbuckston road and batavia And it shows that that's about three miles away Yes, it's yeah Pam Davis It's 41-01 Backbuckston road and batavia No problem, and I'll be one moment Yep, and at the moment, are you taking any prescription medication? Yeah, under the test ride um, I have it here is 0.5 milligrams. Is that correct? All right, and how many of those uh, are you supposed to take it in a day? Yeah, definitely No, of course, and I mean you don't even have to um, obviously From a puzzle Is it a meprosal? All right, and how many milligrams is that one? 20 All right, and how many And how many times a day uh, do you take it once a day? Okay Okay, and what pharmacy uh, do you currently use? Well, I agree, so um, so we cannot prescribe it, but your doctor can um, you can always when you just get uh Your appointment with your doctor, she can go ahead and prescribe you um, anything that you need Okay, so this plan will start March 1st, so anytime after March 1st, you can go see her No, of course, yeah, and by medicare Um, guidelines, yeah, the earliest will be March 1st Um, so yeah, allow me one moment um No, you don't necessarily have to wait to see the doctor because you already got it prescribed But you do would have to wait until the first um, for you to go with your uh, well-care plan Mm-hmm, that way you don't have to pay that the doctor Okay, yeah Yeah, and because the plan won't go into effect until the first um, if you were to go before that they they will still have to use your Your plan that you currently have right now, so they would ask you for that deductible, so we'd have to be after the first Okay, no No, not a problem, um, I'll go ahead and speed it up and yeah for your uh, the test ride and a mapper sole are both covered You're the test ride is at your two and it's covered with quantity limits of 30 capsule per uh, for 30 days No prior authorization or step therapy needed and a mapper sole is a tier one and it's also covered with no quantity limits prior authorization or step therapy for your own mapper sole You Okay, and for yeah for your mapper sole that would be zero Whether it's a 30 or 90-day supply and the test ride on that for a 90-day supply You would only have a $15 copay and if it's a 30-day supply will be a five So allow me one moment here um, well, I go ahead and go over the plan with you We do have to do this uh, but I'll be real fast so that way we can go ahead and get you enrolled and taking care No, of course, I understand Right, let me just one moment All right, so I'm just gonna go ahead and go over the plan quickly so we can go ahead and get you enrolled Then I know the plan is a worker uh, well care no premium essential Um, it's a zero dollar plan. It has no deductibles um, the cap on the plan is 4,700 now that doesn't mean that that's what you have to pay What that means is if in copays in a year if you ever reach that amount then the plan will cover 100% after that If you have a hospital stay on this plan the copay is $300 for days one through six and zero dollars day seven through 90 Um, when it comes to your primary care doctor her visits will be at no cost And if you go to any specialist that would only be $40 copay your preventive care is included also things like your annual checkups, immunizations, etc Are included at no cost for emergency care. There's a hundred and twenty dollar copay but the copay is waived if you're admitted to the hospital within 24 hours And for urgent care your copay is zero Um, your laps also will be zero Um, when it comes to x-rays those will be zero as well. This plan gives you dental vision in hearing Right it gives you two thousand dollars in dental every year and when it comes to vision this plan Um, allow me one moment you have a zero dollar copay for your eyewear As well it gives you two hundred dollars for your glasses lenses and frames For an ambulance on this plan the copay will be two hundred and fifty dollars And the plan also covers your medications um at no cost Um, I mean with a zero dollar deductible. Um, you do have small copays for your medications And yep, that would pretty much be it. You get a gym membership um with this plan as well And that's a no cost And yep, allow me one moment. Um, I have everything I need here. Uh, so we can get started with you enrollment. Yep. One moment And so the enrollment is faster um, is it terpen? Do you happen to have a smart phone or an email that you can access while talking to me on the phone or no Okay, um, yeah, and that's uh, so it's faster because if we go through the regular enrollment it might take us um 20 to 25 minutes with uh, with the link through uh, through the email We should only be like three to five um, so yep Yep, what's your email? All right right Right and allow me one moment while I go ahead and get the link ready to send it to you and we'll get started All right, and your county is clear month correct All right, so I'm gonna go ahead and send you that email Right now. I just sent it. Uh, you should be receiving it. Let me know when you uh receive it Uh, it would come as uh, your enrollment Yep Yep, yep, you're gonna click to where uh, where it says your enrollment or my enrollment you're gonna click on that Yep, and then it's gonna open and it should show you the well care plan and let me know once it opens Yep, so you're gonna Yep, so you're gonna scroll down to where it says my information and make sure your name and um, address is correct Let me know if that's correct All right, so you're gonna hit next step um, I made sure your medicare information was correct So you're gonna scroll all the way down to where it says my primary doctor And it's gonna ask you are you yep? Are you already a patient of the physician you choose you're gonna choose no because that's gonna be a new doctor All right Yep, you're gonna choose no on both unless you have VA or tricare All right, how I want like All right, how I want to pay my monthly payments you're gonna choose the coupon book because you won't be making any monthly payments And then you're gonna hit next Yep All right, where it says preferred language you're gonna choose English and then accessible format you can leave it all up blank and then fill out your race and ethnicity Let me know when that's done So why do you need Yep, all the way up All right, and then it's gonna say are you Hispanic Latino or are you gonna choose no And then after that you're gonna scroll down to where it says my plans important information. There's a box that needs uh Yep, correct Non-Hispanic You could do that as well Yep, you could do that as well And then you're gonna scroll down to where it says my plans important information. There's a box that needs a knowledge man there And then once you do that Yep, it's a little bit more down. It says my plans important information Yes, you do and then after that you're gonna scroll Yep, you do I am yep, that's good and then under that where it says my signature you're gonna hit that box and submit the application And it's gonna give you an HPT confirmation that's the number that I need to finish up your application here Yep, and then read that HPT number back to me Yep, mm-hmm all right, and let me repeat that back to you. That was HPT 107 5587 correct No, yeah, you can you can go ahead and exit that link already um, I just have to finish up the application here So hang on for about a minute or two and open them Um, are you using the email on your phone or on the computer? Okay, so you would just hit yeah, just hit the yeah the back arrow you should be good All right, allow me Yeah, allow me just one moment so I can go ahead and complete the Enrollment and then you should be all good one moment. Yep, you could delete it. Mm-hmm No problem about me one moment No, I understand I completely understand Okay You get used to it after a while Honestly, it's not I love that No, no problem. No problem. No, I completely understand. I understand Yep All right, and yeah, we're down to the last part of the enrollment. I'm finished on my side now We just need to get our policy validated and I only takes one to two minutes So allow me one moment and let me get you over to the verification department and they're just gonna Verify and validate it for marks first and then you'll be all good to go You're gonna receive your documents in the mail from seven to ten days from today That way you could review it and writing and yep, and that will be about it Um, if you want, I would say take my number down in case you have any questions or there's anything else that you need As well Yep, it's eight seven seven five eight one five three seven three Yep, and my extension is nine four six And yep, my name is Brian be our y a n last name bias b a easy Yes, it's b as a boy a as an apple he has an Edward and then z as a zebra bias Yep, correct, mm-hmm Yep, yeah, and again, if you have any questions or anything at all once you receive your documents feel free to give me a call And now allow me one moment Yep, no problem and please stay on the line while I get you over to verification and then you'll be all good to go All right one moment No problem Good afternoon my name is a literal Williams and I'm part of the Kerr mesh customer Kerr team This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes So today Welcome from a young woman inside the work on a primal essential plan with the store. They are March 1st, 2024. They're correct Okay, so I think I finally should have mr. Brian found over an extension as he will be a medical advisor moving forward Do you have mr. Brian found on their extension? No, I have a machine that you do have Yes, okay So we like to ensure that we had permission to call If there's any to follow up and by saying yes, check a family that you'll agree make a sense by a company the country in one moment So contact your final calls for smells and text messages Containing information about that product and services We need an auto dollar or approval code and message for these communications And yet I require took a center-maker purchase your grant to receive this communication of this number Even the number is on do not call list. So do they consent to give your call? Yes, I can't even see here and also the true mr. Brian talk about your medications and your doctor's that he go over there with you Who didn't okay? So thank you for allowing I could mention Medicare to help you with your Medicare benefits And then I had to take to reach out to mr. Brian if you have an additional questions about your plan So thank you for calling and you enjoy the rest of your day, okay? You do it to go you're welcome bye bye

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hey, Brian. This is Julie Martin. I'm with P&T Wellcare. I have a Rick Turkin on the phone. He's needing to switch plans. Unfortunately, over here in P&T, our systems are going up and down, and I cannot play a TPCA or anything. So he's ready to switch back to Wellcare. I just, I hope you can assist them. It's 102-400-90. Any, he said he had, he needs help with prescription drug coverage. He's on devoted currently and has like a $500 deductible. So he's looking for any type of benefits and not having to pay high copays or prescription drug cover copays. All right, awesome. Thank you so much. All right, sir. I just want out of this, I just want out of this and go to Wellcare, if I can. I just want to be coming. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yes. Yes. Yeah, that's fine. You want my social security number? Because I don't know what my Medicare number is. You want my social security number? It's five, six, four, eight, one, eight, one, seven, six. I have the number actually. I just found it. You want it? It's six, it's six, R, J, one, NX, six, T, C, two, seven. Parts A and B. Thanks, sir. Yes, sir. It's, he's over in Kentucky. His name is, I can't remember his name. Man, I can't remember his name. Yeah, I don't, I don't, let me go see if I can find it. It's, it's real simple. Once it comes to me, yeah, he's that saying Elizabeth, saying Elizabeth and, uh, and Kentucky. I actually don't even like the guy to be honest with you. I think he's a terrible doctor. Yes. I mean, yes, please. I don't even like the guy. Yeah. But he gives me my medicine. Uh, what's his name now? I can't, I can't see without my glasses. Gondola. Carole. No. Yeah. He's retiring anyway. But I don't mind saying Elizabeth either, but I'm living Ohio. So I don't know how that would work. Or does it work like that? Can I go to any doctor I want? Because I give my prescription to Kentucky too. This is the most serious medicine. This is the most serious medical you can ever think of. This is most terrible medical you can ever think of in your life. Don't ever become old and dependent upon on any of this crap. It's terrible. I just need a doctor. I got to have one, I guess. I have back problems too. So, but I don't take any medication today. Go ahead. Okay. Could you, could you give me, could you give me that name again? Pam, Pam Davis. And what was your address? Yeah. Back in Austin, Rose. Thank you. Yes. And I'm trying to get it. It's called just the test to ride. It's the UTAF T-E-R-I-D-E. And then I take a heartburn medicine too. I don't, I can tell you the name of that too if you want it. Yep. Yep. And I'm supposed to just want a day and then I don't, I can't get it filled because they want, they want $500. It's my deductible and I can't afford to pay that. And here's the other, here's the other prescription. O-M-E-E-P-R-A. Go ahead. Yeah. Yeah. 20. It's a heartburn medicine. Just wanted, just, yeah, this one today. Those are the only two medicines I pick. I use Walgreens. Is there any way that I can put a prescription on there that I need? Can I ask you for a prescription? Yeah. When can I, you know, when can I make an appointment with her? I need this done as soon as possible, please. Yeah, I take that disaster feel and that, uh, so whatever it is that you're paying. I need that prescription feel. Can I get those prescriptions filled as soon as possible? Or do I have to wait to go see the doctor before I go get that prescription filled to get that medicine? Yeah, because it's ready, yeah, it's ready for me to pick up right now. And I need that medicine. That's fine. I ain't doing, yeah, it's just hurry this up so I can get off the phone. I got stuff to do to make it. I'm sorry, buddy. I do that for every three months. Yeah, it's for every three months. I just want it a little bit. Yeah, please, because this is terrible, man. I want to throw this card away and don't ever want to use it. I think I do have an email, but I can't stand email, but I'll do it. I hate it. Well, do the email. It's Richter Richter Richter in 63 at gmail.com. Claremont County, uh, what would it be under? Do you know? Oh, HBO, HBO and Roman electronic aluminum link. What do I, I'm so glad we are able to find Medicare advantage. Now what do I do? Do I, you're in Roman, you're in Roman link. I'm hitting that now. It's still spinning, but it's very small. It says, it says, well, well, care is zero monthly premium. Most specialists afford it all the time. Yeah, go ahead. Yeah, all that stuff's there. Yeah. Yes. Next step. My primer. Okay, got it. My current coverage. No, and then no. All right. So no one else realizing coupon book. Next step. It doesn't say anything. It doesn't say what do I leave it blank. American Indian or native. It says agent. It says black American. Doesn't say other agents. Oh, wait a second. I think it says I've seen white. Every time I click on it, it stops. All right. There it is. All right. It doesn't say no. It doesn't say. So just put non-Hispanic. Or what do I put it to you? I choose not to answer. I choose not to answer. All right. It just wait a minute. Where am I going next? Where am I going next? Where? Oh, yes. And then it has a green thing with the arrow. Do I hit that arrow? Do I hit that box? Who is, who isn't rolling? I am. Okay. So do I say submit my application now? All right. There. I want to enroll. Oh, you want confirmation number? H-H-P-T? 107-5587. Yes. Yes. And do I want to enroll someone else? No. I'm interested in the more. How do I how do I exit this on my phone? How do I exit? Just hit the arrow. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. I'm done with you. Can I erase that now that electronic enrollment link? Okay. All right. Stop my phone. Delete it. Thank you. I hate that. I hate that crap. I'm sorry you have to do this for a living. I bet you do. I just don't mean to be mean. I'm sorry that you have to do that, brother. Forgive me. Thanks for being. All right. Go ahead. What's your number? 8, 7, 6, 5, 8, 1, 5, 3, 7, 3. What's your name? What? 9, 4, 6. What's your name? What's your last name? How you spell your last name? How you say it? By a B-A-E-Z. Is that what you say? All right. B-A-E-Z. All right. I got it. Brian. Thanks. All right. Thanks. Yeah. All right. Yes. Oh, do you need Brian's extension? Brian. Yeah. I have an extension. It's, uh, I think it's, it's 9, 4, 6. Yes, ma'am. All right. Yes. Yes, ma'am. All right. Thank you. Do I get back and touch with him or am I done? Thank you, ma'am. Bye.