Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling clear match Medicare. This is Joshua Washington O a licensed agent and who do I have pleasure speaking with. Hey Deborah, I do want to let you know that the calls being recorded for quality and training purposes. What brings you to call in today? Excellent. I'd be more than happy to help. That's a benefit that comes with our Medicare Advantage plans as long as you have both Medicare and Medicaid or chronic health condition. We did not offer every plan available in the area however we currently represent 27 organizations nationally. That's over a hundred and 28,950 different plans. You can visit Medicare.gov or call 1-800 Medicare to get more information on all your options. May you verify your zip code please and your date of birth. What did you say the last name was again? Can you spell that? Thank you very much. And do you have both Medicare parts A and B? What about Medicaid? Okay. Now without Medicaid I won't be able to get that particular benefit for you but I can always check and see what else is available in your area if you would like. Excellent. And before we look at any additional benefits Medicare requires I go over a few disclaimers. I'm going to play a 90 second recording. We'll both be on the line while this recording is playing. Give me one moment to get it started please. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex. If you speak a language other than English language assistance services free of charge are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage HMO, PPO and PFFS organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason we will need to reach you at this number. Even if it is on the do not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the do not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpon.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident and hospital coverage. I do appreciate your patience. I would like to confirm do you understand and agree to the disclaimer I played in regards to calls and texts to the number? Thank you. It is important that the information you provide is correct to the best of your knowledge and a attempt to avoid delays of enrollment applications being processed. I would like to verify your information with the centers of Medicare and Medicaid services prior to enrollment submission. Do I have your consent to complete this verification? Thank you very much. Go ahead and pull out the red, white and blue Medicare health insurance card. Let me know when you have that out in front of you please. Right under your name there is a mix of numbers and letters. Go ahead and read that off to me. Was that Q as in Queen K54? Have you had a change of address recently? Are you at 249 for Yeti Road Lot 3? Thank you very much. It looks like you just made changes to your coverage. As of the first of this month you started the well-care HMO leaving the United Health Care. I am assuming because Medicaid dropped you, is that correct? Okay, got it. And I do see that you still receive low-income subsidy just in case you are not aware. So you don't have full Medicaid anymore but you have what is known as low-income subsidy where they assist with medications or monthly premiums. If you have a prescription drug plan that has a premium they will cover that as well just to share some information with you. And give me just a moment here and let's take a look and see if we can increase the benefits you have now in any way. So before you were taken off of Medicaid were you receiving help with utility bills, groceries, etc.? Okay, oh wow. Yeah, that's not a good living condition for anyone. Give me just a moment here. I'm taking a look at what's available in the area. Okay, so I do see what I can do. There's a well-care assist open PPO plan. It's with the same carrier that you have now which is well-care. However with this plan they are willing to give you $50 every month to help with utility assistance. Would that be of assistance for you going forward if we can get that? Okay, please give me just a moment here. And what's the name of your primary care physician, the regular check-up doctor? Thank you. What location do you see her at? Okay, 21 main strength liver more falls. Okay, and do you have any other doctors that you see on a regular basis? How many different prescribed medications are you currently taking? Would you be able to share those medications today? A tour of a stat? And what's the dosage amount? Now, that's okay. Continue with just the names if you could. Level the roxing. If you had to go to a pharmacy, if you had to go to a pharmacy by the house which one would that be? Okay, so I got the a tour of a stat and the level the roxing. What was the other one? Thank you. All right. So you will have to wait until March 1st before the benefit kicks in with the plan just to give you a heads up. Okay, so you have to of course finish a February with the current coverage and then the upgraded benefits will start. Come March 1st and for the well care card, you're going to get a new well care card. You're going to get pretty much everything in the mail as if it was your first time enrolling into well care. So you're going to get everything you have now, but once again. Okay, and I'm going to put you in a PPO plan. So it's going to give you more flexibility in case in the future, you would like to see certain doctors. You will not need a referral. You would be able to do so at your own expense, whereas now you have the yeah, as of right now, you have the HMO plan, which you do have to get a referral to see doctors that are out of network. And from what I'm showing, Dr. Heidi Decker is not in network with the location you shared with me, but you'll be able to see her regardless. Come March 1st. Bear with me just a moment. Do you happen to have something to write on and write with by chance? Absolutely. No, please take your time. There's no rush. Excellent. So the I want to give you all my contact information. The first name is Joshua, just like in the Bible, please let me know if you need help spelling that. The last name has two separate parts. The first part is Washington, like the state or the president. Excellent. And the last part of the second name is only two letters. It's a capital E and a lowercase L Joshua Washington L. Let me know when you're ready for the number. 1, 8, 7, 7, 5, 8, 1, 5, 3, 7, 3, and the extension is 1088. Excellent. So I know you've been through this before and recently at that, but I have to go through the summary of benefits again. It's going to take about two to five minutes to read the copays and benefits the plan comes with. Once we finish that, we can go through the enrollment and we'll be all wrapped up for the day. OK. All right. So the exact name of the plan is well care, assist, open PPO. There is a $21.90 monthly premium. However, because you have low income subsidy in the state of Maine, they're willing to cover up to $35.99 of your monthly premium. So I want to make this very clear, even though this plan has a monthly premium, you will not be paying for out of your pocket. OK. Thank you. There is no deductible the maximum out of pocket limit for in network. It went down. It was 5,000. It goes down to 4,500. For in and out of network combined, it went down as well. It was 8,950. Now it's just 8,000. For inpatient hospital coverage, the first six days have a copay of $275 per day after that. A $0 copay for day seven through 90. If it's out of network, that's $300 per day for the first day, first seven days after that is $0 copay from days eight until 90. For outpatient hospital coverage, it's a $0 copay for diagnostic colonoscopy and $300 copay for all other services, outpatient services that is for observation hospital services. It's 120 copay for outpatient observation services when you enter observation status through a emergency room. Otherwise, it's 300. When it comes to ambulatory surgical center services, that's 250. To see your primary care physician, it's a $0 copay. It doesn't matter if the doctors in or out of network. To see a specialist, it's a $30 copay. It doesn't matter if the doctors in or out of network. Preventive care. That's at a $0 copay. That's things like bone mass measurements, mammograms, any routine of physical exams, et cetera throughout the year. For the ER room, as long as you are admitted to the hospital within 24 hours of the incident taking place, you do not have to pay any money out of pocket. However, if you take longer than 24 hours to get to the hospital and get admitted, you will have a 120 copay and same thing for urgent care at a $35 copay. For diagnostic services, a lab services have a $0 copay. It's a $50 copay for genetic testing. For diagnostic testing procedures, a $0 copay, outpatient X-rays, $0 copay, diagnostic radiology services. It's 300 for diagnostic radiology services received in an outpatient setting and a $100 copay for all other services received in all other locations. For therapeutic radiology, it's a 20% co-insurance. When it comes to your hearing aids, they are willing to give you $100 as a allowance every year for your hearing aids. When it comes to dental benefits, you'll still be receiving the maximum amount of $1,000 per year that you can put towards comprehensive services. And then your vision benefits, you get $200 every year that you can put towards glasses, frames, or contacts, et cetera of your choice. I just want to make sure, are you following me so far? Excellent. We're almost done here for mental health services. If you have to stay at a psychiatric hospital, it's a $300 copay per day for the first six days after that. It's a $0 copay for days seven through 90. When it comes to outpatient individual therapy, it's a $25 copay, group therapy, $25 copay, skilled nursing facility has a $0 copay for the first 20 days after that. It's a $203 copay for days 21 through 50 and then it reverts back to a $0 copay until the 100th day. For therapy and rehabilitation services, physical therapy is that a $30 copay for outpatient rehabilitation services is a $30 copay, pulmonary rehabilitation 15. Again, for ambulance, whether it's ground or air, it's a $300 copay. When it comes to your medication, your low income subsidy is going to keep your medication costs the same. So that won't change at all when it comes to changing over plans from now until next month, just to make sure we're on the same page. Chiropractic services have a $20 copay, acupuncture has a $20 copay. When it comes to podiatry services, that's a $30 copay. You do have home health agency care and they do provide meals if your discharge from a hospital. You can get up to 42 meals over the span of 14 days. Oh no, forgive me. That was three meals per day for up to 14 days with the maximum of 42 meals in total for medical equipment or supplies, prosthetic devices, etc. That's a 20% co-insurance for opioid treatment program services. It's a $30 copay. You do get the wellness program benefits. If you want to get a gym membership, they are willing to pay for that. When it comes to your $50 monthly allowance, you can use that for utility expenses including water, heating oil and natural gas, electricity, trash, cable, TV services, excluding streaming services, landline, mobile phone or the internet. That's with the $50. You have to use it before the month ends. Otherwise, you won't be able, the amount that you don't use won't be able to roll over. I just want to make sure you're aware of that. Excellent. You'll still get the OTC card as a separate card, not as the same card as a separate card. You can use that $50 that you get on the OTC card at your local pharmacy. That's every three months that you'll get that. That was the totality there of the summary of benefits. Did you have any questions in regards to what we just went over? Excellent. Are you on a landline right now or a cell phone? Okay. Give me just a moment here. What I'm actually able to do is send the application over to you as a text message. All you have to do is just make sure I have the information entered correctly for you. You won't really have to do anything yourself. I do appreciate your patience right now. Technology is not being my friend. All right. So I do have to ask again, do you make your own healthcare decisions or do you have a medical power of attorney? Thank you. And can you verify the phone number that I'll be sending the text message to? That's okay. Excellent. Thank you very much. So I just sent over the enrollment link. It's going to come as a text message. Please as soon as you get the text message, let me know so I can walk you through each and every step. Excellent. Go ahead and open up the link. It'll take a few seconds and you'll see the well care plan that we went over. If you see, when you, when the plan pops up, if you see a X next to anything, I want you to keep in mind that is because the doctor or medication is not in network or contracted, but you have a PPO plan. So you will be allowed to see the doctor, etc. with no trouble. I just want to verify that. Let me fix that for you. Please one moment. So what you're going to want to do if you know how to refresh the page, please refresh the page. Otherwise, go ahead and exit out and then open it back up. And you should have all the correct information after that. Excellent. So but in the next step towards the bottom, it will bring you to the second page. Excellent. On the second page, please scroll down until you see where it says my primary doctor. When you see the words my primary doctor, you're going to see a doctor named Lori Huntress. I want you to mark no under her name. I had to put her on file for the application because she's contracted with well care. However, that's not your doctor and you're not a patient. So we want to mark no. We're almost done. There's literally one more page left after this and it's very simple. You want to hit no under her name. There should be a yes or no. And you want to hit no. Under Dr. Lori Huntress's name, if you scroll down a little bit, does it say are you already a patient of the physician you choose you chose? Okay, if you don't mind sharing, what do you see right now on your screen? Okay, so you want to you want to scroll down and hit next step at the bottom of the page yet. So now you want to scroll down until you see my primary doctor. What do you see on your screen right now? Okay, mark no where it says are you already a patient and you want to mark no and then scroll down and you'll see two questions under my current coverage. One is asking if you have health insurance coverage through your spouse. That's the first question. If not go ahead and hit no. The second question is asking if you have prescription drug coverage through the VA or try care. If not go ahead and hit no. Then you want to scroll down to where it says how I want to pay my monthly payments. You want to hit coupon book which is the last answer and then hit next step towards the bottom. And this is the last page that will pop up. Okay, so go ahead and fill out the my information and it'll have drop down boxes and you want to click on whatever it is you identify with or whatever you choose as an answer. So there's another arrow there's two arrows on the page one by your signature at the bottom and then once you hit both once you check off both arrows there should be a submit application button in the bottom right hand corner that's green and that will complete your entire application. It should give you a confirmation number as well. Excellent. So that completes the entire application process. I do appreciate your patience. I just want to reiterate a few things. You will get everything in the mail for this plan within seven to 14 business days. So yes, you'll get a new card, a new plan description, etc. You will have to get rid of all your old cards for March 1st. Also, if you have any questions, yes, ma'am, if you have any questions about your options in the area, please give me a call. However, if you have questions about your benefits, the plan itself. Please call the customer service number for well care, the easiest way to get the numbers to look on the back of the well care card. The number does not change. So until you get the new card, you can use the old card if you need to reach out to well care. At this exact moment, did you have any questions for me? Excellent. Love to hear it. Before I get out of your hair, I would like to just take three more minutes of your time. I have to have you go through a health risk assessment, but one of my colleagues are going to walk you through it. I'm actually going to transfer you over now. Any last questions before I transfer you over? Okay. One moment, please. And thank you for your patience again. Thank you. Good afternoon, Ms. Harriman. My name is Carissa, and I'm a customer care specialist with a clear match customer care team. Now, I do want to let you know that this call is being recorded for quality and training purposes. All right. Now, right. This will only take a few moments. Thank you very much for that. All right. So now, today we are confirming your enrollment into the well care assist open PPO plan with a start date of March 1, 2024. Is that correct? All right. And then I just want to make sure you have your agent's full name and direct contact information as they will be your Medicare advisor moving forward. That is Joshua Washington. Do you have his name and phone number? Thank you for that. And now please confirm that your agent did review your prescription medications and any doctors who are important to you. All right. Thank you for that. And now we'd like to ensure we have your permission to call if there is any need to follow up. Is that agreeable with you? All right. Thank you so much for confirming that now. Please know that by saying yes, you are confirming that you agree and consent for our company to contact you with phone calls, voicemails and text messages containing information about our products and services. We may use an auto dialer or a pre-recorded message for these communications and you are not required to consent to make any purchase. You'll agree to receive these communications at this number even if the number is on a do not call list. All right. And now I want to again thank you for enrolling today with your agent Joshua Washington. Please don't hesitate to call Joshua if you have any questions about your new coverage. Christo, thank you so much for your time. Congratulations on the new plan. You have a great rest of your day. Thank you. Bye-bye. Thank you, bye-bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  And I think he came online and asked me if I'd gotten my food card yet, so I'm like, no. Could you use the food card? 0-4254 and 9-1957. Haramann, HA, R-R-I, M-A-N. Yes, I do. No. They dropped me. That would be great. Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. What do you want? 1-Y-77-X-M-7-U-K-5-4. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. And I wasn't getting what they promised me. I went to use the United Health Care Card for my prescriptions and to get my vaccines. I am 66 years old. And I had nothing. Okay. Yes. I live by myself. Now, right now, I am living without any cocaine which keeps my house. I live in the state of Maine, like 20, 21 degrees outside. Can you imagine how cold my tummy is? Yes. That would help. I believe it's Heidi Decker. Yes. Heidi Decker. I live in Marfayles. I'm on the office. I'm on the alert. Can't remember what their name is. Yes. No. I take asterisk that. Can it be gone? Jesus, I don't have that with me. Can it be gone? And then I take a little fronty. Yes. Yes. Yes. That's it. 66. Can I at least? Yes. Who's mountain? Who's mountain? Can it be soft? Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm on the left. Are you just going to have? All right. I just have a heck of a cold. It's going on. Okay. Okay. You got it. That's where I was born. I'm ready. Okay. Okay. Yes. Okay. No. I wrote things down that I needed to know my cell phone. Okay. Okay. Okay. Did you get a pen? No. I make my own. I'm not sure if you give me just a minute. I never remember its number. I'm pretty done that way. 207-530-2941. I got it. My name is D-E-B-O-R-A-H. And 49 wrote. Everything's good there. Yeah. I have the Medicare. Remember. They were ready to go. We just saw that. Of course, my phone's getting ready to die. This isn't good. Mark, will you hand me the stuff out. There's no one there. It doesn't say that. When one screen I see the doctor coverage, drug coverage, my kills. I see that the panopresolve is not my Medicare number. My hospital is medical. I don't see that at all here. There it is, okay, so what do I do? Lauren, there we go. I get it. I get a third language. I acknowledge that I've read it. There it is. Okay. No, you were great. You explained things one to play. Thank you. Hello. And let me let you know that my family. Yes. Yes. Yes. You too. Yes. Yes.