Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling while care Medicare. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. My name is Matika Robinson and I am a licensed agent. How can I help you today? I'm so sorry. Okay, that's okay. We can pull up your Medicare profile with your social security number and I'll be able to see if it's gone into effect. Usually you can get it about three months before you turn 65. So you should be good. Okay, yeah, I can only imagine I'm really so sorry for your loss. Okay, and please note, we do not offer every plan available in your area, okay? And Lenny, what's your zip code in county you live in? Thank you. End your date of birth? Thank you. And in case we're disconnected, what's your best call back number? Perfect. Thank you for that. All right, Lenny. And I'm not sure if you're aware of the benefits you're entitled to when you have A and B, you know, that's your dental vision hearing over the counter all non-medical benefits. Is there anything I should focus on today? Are you in need of major dental, money back, transportation, anything like that? Oh, yeah, so yeah, thank the Lord, yeah, don't worry, I'll take good care of you today here. And you are in Sharp County, oh, Fulton, Fulton, okay, thank you. All right, so before I can review your additional benefits, make sure you have the A and B Medicare does require that I play a recorded disclaimer for you. So while that recording is playing, I'll be pulling up the information about the benefits, okay? All right, thank you. Tuesday, February, 20th, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 7-1-1 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by Autodilor or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare Supplements, Prescription Drug Plans, Dental, Vision, or any Ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. All right, thank you so much for your patience with our learning. And do you understand and agree to the disclaimer I played, including receiving calls and texts to this number? Thank you. And is there anyone that helps you make your healthcare decisions? Okay. So you can go ahead and give me your social security number and I'll pull up your Medicare information from there. Thank you. All right. So before I run that number, I'm going to read you a brief statement. You are under no obligation to enroll, but I will need your consent to the statement before proceeding with the plan presentation. So it is important that the information provided is correct to the best of your knowledge. And an attempt to avoid delays of your enrollment application being processed. We would like to verify your information with CMS prior to enrollment submission. Do we have your consent to complete this verification? Thank you. Please note that during this validation, CMS may provide additional details regarding your eligibility, which could assist your license agent with choosing the plan that best fits your needs. Okay. Great. Let me go ahead and insert that in here. And how do we spell Lenny, Ellie and NIE? Oh, I was awesome. Thank you, Lenny. And Wes. Okay. No, it's not. It's different. Just like mine. Mine too. Yeah. Okay. Good. So you just got your part A and B. Perfect. Let me take a note of that. Yeah. So you already have it. So you don't have to sign up. So that's good. It's showing your in sharp county for some reason. That's okay. I know. Okay. So I'll just stick with fallen. So it's like a two for one with the counties. No, yeah. That's kind of crazy. Okay. So let's check if you have any Medicaid. Yeah. I've seen that before with other places. It'll, you know, they'll tell me, yeah, that's just what it says. But that's not where I live. So let's see. Okay. No Medicaid. That's good. All right. So you told me you're relatively healthy. Do you see specialist often? Good. Okay. So let me tell you about what I usually suggest to my clients who don't see that many, you know, doctors or anything like that. This one offers money back onto your social security check towards your part B premium that they just started taking out. So this is called a well care give back. It provides $86 back onto your social security check each month. That includes dental preventive with no annual max. That includes services for back when x-rays oral exams, cleanings and fluoride treatments, including fillings and extractions. Okay. Your primary care provider visits would be $0. Your diagnostic test labs and radiologies and x-rays would be $0. This plan does include vision 100 dollars towards unlimited context glasses, lenses and frames. Okay. For over the counter items, we send you a $40 spendables card and you can use it online in store like Walmart, CVS, and Walgreens for any of your over the counter items, right? All of your immunizations and preventive care like your annual physical exam, any colonoscopies will be covered at $0. Okay. This plan also includes two hearing aids per year. Your emergency room visit would be a $100 copay and that is waived if you're admitted. Okay. This includes an annual fitness benefit. So you pay $0 for a membership with any participating health club or fitness center like Planet Fitness or why I'm seeing. Okay. Then this also covers mental health services. So it would be a $40 copay for individual or group therapy or any other psychiatric services. All right. Then we have our home health nurse that's available at a $0 copay. Durable medical equipment would be at a 20% co-insurance diabetic supplies and services are at $0. Okay. Ambulance, ground or air is a $290 copay and that's not bad. And it also offers acupuncture at $0. Okay. So how do you feel about this one? Yeah. I think this will be the best fit for you. You have to, you don't, no offense, you know, but you don't sound 65. I thought you were like my age. You sound really good for your age. Yeah. But the trick is to stay active, though, really. That's really what it is. You don't lose it. You lose it. You lose it. And do you have a primary doctor that you see or should I assign one for you? Okay. And what's his first name? George Jackson at 1440, highway 62. Okay. Good. He does accept this plan so you're fine there. Yeah, it's good when you find a good doctor. Yeah. Yeah. Make sure you always keep him because it's rough out here with doctors. Yeah, that's how you know when someone's doing what they love, you know. And it's not about the money. That's good. So I have him. And what's your preferred pharmacy? Okay. Okay. And you said that was CVS? I'm starting to know Walmart. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. And what's the name of that blood pressure pill you take? Yeah. Okay. Triamasine. Ooh, I can't say it either. T-R-I-A-M-C-I-N-O-L-O-N. Because it's two of them. Mm-hmm. Oh, I found it. And how often do you take that? Okay. Thank you. Let's make sure that'll be covered. Yeah. God bless her. Oh. Yeah. The suffering. Yeah. She's not suffering anymore. And she's never going to leave you. She's always right there. Just in a different form. Mm-hmm. Wow. And she fulfilled her purpose before she left. I'm so happy about that. Yeah. Dang. That sucks, man. What? Oh, my gosh. What kind of cancer was that? Pancreatic? Oh, poor thing. Yeah. Yeah. She was too good for this earth down here. Yeah. You'll see her again. You are. So let me get this set up for us to get you enrolled. Let me see how we do this. Oh, my gosh. That's all you know. Cheese. Yeah. No, really. That's so true. I hear it all the time. Like this woman, her daughter had found out she had ALS in September. And by January, she was in hospice. Like it just, it's out of nowhere. Yeah. Like she's not in any more pain. That is a brutal disease. Yeah. Do you guys have any children? Oh, that's beautiful. Yeah, because after being with someone every day for 40 years, you know, like how I couldn't imagine I'm 10 years in and I don't, I wouldn't know what to do. You know, like my goodness. Yeah. Right. Yeah. As long as you know, she's there in spirit, you know, energy can't be destroyed. So she's right there in spirit. And you'll see her again. That's what I had to tell myself with my mom. They're not suffering and she will be there before we know it. Right with them. Yeah. So I haven't needed her back. She was an angel. Very lucky man. Okay. So I'm almost done getting everything set up here for your enrollment. Just getting an approval. Then we're good to go. Okay. Okay, so how the enrollment is going to work? I'm going to send you a link to your phone and we'll walk through that together. All right. And while we wait, go ahead and grab a pen and paper. I'm going to give you my personal information. I'll be your agent going forward. So any issues or anything like that. You'd reach out to me. I'll help you out. All right. Let me know when you're ready soon. Okay. So my. Yeah. My name is Matika. So it's M as in Mary. A T T I K A. Last name is. Robinson R O B I N S O N. Okay. My phone number is eight four four nine eight one one four zero seven. All right. All right. And your best call back number is eight. Well, we're all be sending the link eight seven zero eight four seven five six six one. Okay. Perfect. Thank you. Yeah. So now this plan will become effective on March 1st. You'll get your cards and your spendables card in the mail within the next end of 14 business days. And you can go ahead and see your doctor and everything is normal starting March 1st. Okay. And your prescription is covered at zero dollars. I'm putting Dr. George's info in here. Okay. So let me know when you get the text message. Just got okay. All right. So you should see well care by all well. Part B premium reduction eighty six dollars. Verify all your information. And if it looks okay, you'll press next step at the bottom. Okay. Moving too fast. I'll know your text message to your phone. Yep. Click that enrollment link. Perfect. So you should see the well care give back HMO. With the monthly plan premium zero dollars primary zero dollars. And then your information. Okay. If everything looks good, press next step. Okay. Perfect. Then you, you'll, after next step, you'll see your Medicare ID number. You can write that down or screenshot it if you want. Since you lost your card. Yep. That's yours. Got it. Perfect. Now scroll down to where you see my primary doctor, George Jackson. All right. Are you already a patient of the physician you chose? Click yes. Okay. Under my current coverage. Will you have other medical health coverage where you're the subscriber? You'll click no. Okay. And will you have other prescription drug coverage like VA? Do you get any VA benefits? Okay. So click no. All right. Then how I want to pay my monthly payments. So there, this is a zero dollar premium plan. And we'll click coupon book. Yes. Got it. And yes, sir. Okay. You should see, after next step, your phone number, preferred language. Do you see that? Okay. So you can fill those out at the top. Oh no. I'm going to put your email in for you. You can give it to me. And I'll add it to your profile. Okay. Okay. So if you scroll down, you'll see two, two arrows pointing to boxes. Check those boxes. Yes, sir. And then the more you scroll down, you'll see another. Okay. Yeah. And if you want, you can take the time to read over those disclaimers. If you'd like, I can wait. Okay. Yep. Submit application. And then just give me the, and the confirmation number once you get it. Okay. Thank you. All right. Okay. So you're good to go. You're all enrolled. So this will take effect on March 1st. Okay. And we have one last step. An enrollment verification specialist has to check over my work. Make sure I did everything. Okay. For you here today. That takes like one to two minutes. And then you'll be good to go. Okay. And you can call me if you have any questions or anything like that. All right. Okay. And I will be calling you sometime next week. I'm going to check if you got your cards. And we'll go from there. Okay. Thank you so much, Mr. West. I'm going to bring them on now. Hey, Lenny. Hey. So I have the specialist on the line here. She's going to take over. You have my number reach out for anything. Okay. You both have a great day. Thank you. Absolutely. Me too. Thank you. Have a great day. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Hi, Mr. West. My name is Sandra Rodriguez. I'm part of the clear math customer care team. How are you doing today? I'm doing good. Thank you for asking. So, Mr. West today, we are confirming your enrollment. And to be well care, give back HMO. This has a start date of March 1st of 2024. Is that correct? Okay. Wonderful. Now, before we go any further, I do want to let you know that the call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. Okay. I also would like to confirm with you that you have your agent's full name and her direct contact information. As they will be your Medicare advisor moving forward. Do you have a ticket, phone number and extension? Okay. Perfect. Now, can you also confirm that your agent went over your prescription medication and any doctors that are important to you? Should it? Okay. So, lastly, we'd like to ensure that we have your permission to call if there's ever any need to follow up in the future. Will that be okay? Okay. And by saying yes, you are confirming that you agree and consent. Our company to contact you with phone calls and text messages, containing information about our products and services. We may use an auto-dialar or pre-recorded message for these communications, and you're not required to consent to make any purchase. You're agreeing to receive these communications at this number, even if the number is on a do not call list. All right. So, Mr. Best, that would conclude the call for today. I also wanted to thank you for enrolling with Clear Match. Have any questions at all? Don't hesitate to reach out to Matika. You're welcome. You have a good rest of your day. Goodbye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hi, my name is Lenny West. I'm going to be 65 in March 1st, next week and I think I see my dog on medicards away, care card away. I'm getting ready to try to sign up and I've had so much in-day with so much mail and wipe it past the way six months ago and just I thought it was AARP and this one lady told me that no, no, that's your Medicare, you know, she was going to help me get online and do it, you know, sign up. But they already taken it out of my check, you know, last just past, you know, I'm so secured, I've been retired since 62 and they took it out my check last week, it's a couple hundred dollars, I know, they've all they told me it's going to. I knew that, you know, I sent you some mail but I must thrown it away because I've looked at the house all over and I can't find it. Yeah, I probably threw it away in January because a lot of stuff was going on. I've been floating county and my zip goes seven two five one three three one five nine. It's one eight seven oh, Erie code eight four seven five six six one. No, no, I'm fine right now. This is my blood pressure prescriptions getting ready right now because I lost my insurance with my wife died in September, you know, I chiseled a certain instructor and I was on her policy and I haven't had any medical insurance for about six months but I'm pretty good healthy, I'm real healthy. Thank you and thank you Lord, but get a full. Okay, thank you. Yeah, now just myself. Okay, it's 311 68 1305. No, L.A. and N.Y. Yeah, that's a weird name. Well, my grandmother, my grandmother named me years ago, so you're a lot of Lenny's, Lonnie's, Lannys, you're not going to name me Lannys, but there's a few. Well, my address is a 148 hundred wood lane, Ashland, Arkansas, but I live in full and county. That's weird, you know, and I've got a seven two five one three that's okay. It's weird like the, I mean, the kids where I live at, they need to go to say on school, the full county or shark County, it's kind of weird, you know, live right on the line or something. But I don't live nowhere near Ashland, it's 10 miles away from where. But they call it Ashland. Yeah, that's what I thought too, you know, the least we got address is you. All right. That's right. Yeah, that's not where I live. No. Right. Right. Okay. Well, you know, all right. No, no, man. That sounds pretty good to me. That sounds what I need. You know, I'm pretty like I'm really healthy for 65. I'm a ranch and I work. The guy boy has a lot of stuff, you know, in the area. And I've been with him for a long time, but, you know, I love doing stuff like that. But you got to say active. That's the secret. No, I'm 65. I have a brother, he's 70. We go hunting all the time. He over here in Silomore down in the mountains over here. And he can, he's, he's better than help. I am really, I mean, I mean, you know, we're pretty healthy. Right. Exactly. Yeah, I believe that, you know, you know, it was Dr. Jackson here. I really like him. He really helped us a lot. My wife went to her cancer. George Jackson. Yes. Good. Good. That's good. Cause I want to eat them. Well, he's more like a family friend. I know I'm on a personal level. You know, only for you. Yeah. He's a good general doctor. But that's, you know, I mean, for specialist, but he's, he told me he's not going to retire. He's almost cousin. He said, I'm going to keep practicing because I like doing it. Yeah. Yeah. He's not about the money. Now, Walmart here in Ash Flat. That's where we get all my stuff. I only take one broke kosher pill. And that's it. And I still have some left still. I'm good for another month. Walmart in Ash Flat. Yeah. I do all my pharmacy out there and we did. It's convenient. Yeah. Oh, hang on. It is called, I can't pronounce it. You know, my wife good to see the medical try in the gym. He R I A N T H C T Z or something. What does it have? Yes. Something like that. Yeah. There's T R I A M T. It's got a flash or I or something. It's like a slash with H C T Z. 37.5 25 milligrams. Yeah. Uh, it's supposed to take one in the morning daily. But that's the only thing I say. I mean, my wife had a barrage, you know, of medicine to believe me. That's the only thing I've ever taken. Yeah. She's not struggling anymore though. I mean, kind of pantry, pancreatic disease is wasted your body away. Right. Yeah. Yeah. She worked at the Ozarkah College there. She was a nursing instructor. Our end for years. And they had a scholarship in her name on on it because she was really influential in our area for training a lot of young women and men in nursing seals. Yeah. She was in one of those experiments in St. Louis. We were driving back and forth and they were putting it to her, but she said they've got to do what we've got to do. She knew the, she knew the odds. She assessed it themselves and they really, she had a good team there, but it was just too late, you know. Yeah. Well, we found out like in July 6th, we were able to focus out that really, it all started, you know, throwing up by always. I took her home and the next day, we found out in, say September 13th, she should've already passed away two and a half months. I mean, that's how quick. Yeah. She just boom, pancreatic and liver. Yeah. Yeah. If she never smoked a drink or anything in her life, you know, always, you know, she went to church a lot, you know, she was big into church, you know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I met her when I was 14 and she was 13 and she was 63 when she passed, you know, so I've known her all my life, adult life, you know. That's, that's all I know. We were at our anniversary in January 21st, it'd been 40 years, but we didn't miss it, you know. But, you know, like we talked about, it is what it is, you got to keep positive, you got to go on in life. That's just like anybody. You know, you always think, what that happens to that first, oh, it can't happen to me. Oh, it can happen to anybody. Anytime you can find out tomorrow that, you know, I'm pretty seriously ill and I didn't realize it. You know, just anybody. Just yeah, that's the same, my, my situation, same thing like them, but Lisa, you know, didn't drag on for a long time. No, it's the worst cancer. There's not a survival rate. I already knew the odds, you know, after I've been researching on my own, you know, and just pouring about her and it's not very good. I have one percent, three percent. You just don't survive it, you know. That's the way it is. Well, I have my grandson's lived with me. He's in high school, 10th grade now, but he's lived with me since he's been one year's old. You know, I got to get into high school, but he's almost, you know, like in 10th grade, but now I just, you know, life's different now. I've got to reinvent myself. I told him to speak, you know, right? Yeah, it's like the work, the thing about it is that the presence after that person's gone, you, you, you always walk to room to room and you see things that remind you of that person and then just the presence they're gone. You finally get to that realization point, like, you know, when we talked about it, I mean, you know, we're older adults, we knew, you know, I mean, I wish it would be, but we can't, we don't can't choose that. It's just happened, but that's what it is. But like you say, you're all fine, aren't you? Yeah, this, you know, such a beautiful person, you know, kind person. You know, you're not only cared about you, but you know, I got to live with an angel the way I say it there. You always look a good woman. Yeah. Okay. Okay. All right, I appreciate it. I'm ready. I'm ready. I got it. I'm good. Take it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. One, four, zero, seven. Okay. I got it. Two, eight, six, zero. Okay. All right. Okay. Okay. I just got it. Okay. It came up. I got to go to it. Maybe on my Gmail or no. Okay. Okay. There you go. I got it. Okay. There it is. Okay. Okay. Now, I got to do just what? Put your enrollment link. Okay. There it is. Okay. Right. Four. Yeah. I see that. Okay. Yeah. Everything looks good. Okay. Okay. We're, we're Medicare number. One, one, see, 17. Two, G2, JK, 40. Okay. One. Okay. See. Okay. I got it. I got it. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. No. Two-pound book. Where's that at? Okay. Okay. Okay. Then next step. Okay. Now, it's my information again. My address. Yes. I see it. An email address. Something like that. Check what my email in there. Okay. Okay. Okay. So where you want me at now? Two arrows. Okay. I see one big arrow that have knowledge that read above that we're talking about. Okay. Okay. I see that one too. Okay. That's all right. You know, submit application. Okay. It's HPT-1077-694. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Yes. All right. Thank you, ma'am. I appreciate you so much. You too. All pretty good. How are you? Yes. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Yes, yes, yes. Okay. Thank you. Thanks, ma'am. I thank you. Appreciate you guys. Appreciate you guys all. All right. Bye. Okay. Thank you, ma'am. I thank you, appreciate you guys. I appreciate you guys all. All right. Bye.