Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  It's called the Monitoring Board for Quality Assurance. How can I assist you? Okay. Okay. Okay. I am Medi-Cal. Okay. I can definitely assist with everything. Can I get your first and last name? Any last name? Right? Right. And Ms. Price, what's your date of birth? Okay. And the zip code that you're currently living in? And when did you move? And what's your old address? All right. And let's go. What is your new address? Be as a boy, right? Okay. Okay. So, react, I got the zip code. All right. And what is the doctor's name? Is this a primary care doctor? Okay, no problem. Hey, bye. Okay. Okay, so she has her house in the middle of the day. All right, give me one second. Do you have your Medi-care ID number? I just need your Medi- Yeah, your Medi-care number? I can pull your Medi-Cow number with that. Okay. I'm going to share a call to her rings, Mayflow Medical Group. All right, I got you pulled up. I'm just having Medi-Cow, Orange County. I'm just going to make a stock to her. Okay, there we go. And she's at 1900 East La Palma Avenue. Okay, just wanted to make sure. All right. Okay, so it looks like she covers most of our plans and you do have Medi-Cow also. Uh-huh. Your prescriptions go through Sigma. With a Medi-Care and Medi-Cow plan, it's going to cover everything in one plan. No problem. No problem. So you will have, it will only be one plan. One plan will cover everything. When you have a Medi-Care Medi-Cow plan, you're not going to have to have separate insurance for prescription, separate insurance for doctor. You'll be able to have everything together. Uh-huh? Okay. No, you shouldn't be paying anything for your pharmacy, your Medicaid should cover it. Yeah. It could just be because it's a plan you were on. So that could have been an issue, but yeah, no, Medi-Cage should cover everything. Okay. Okay, well, yeah, you can always give us a call and find out, give us a call and find out what we cover and what we don't cover. We usually cover mostly everything. Our formulary list is very extensive. So we should be able to cover everything. And then your Medicaid should be covering any kind of copays you will have with medications. Okay. Right, and you shouldn't have to. Okay, okay. So you said you're on some medications. So I do have the plan your doctor is in network four. Let me play a quick disclaimer for you and then I can go over the entire plan with you. Let you know what, let you know what everything's going to be with. Just going to be one moment. Tuesday February 20th, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO and PFFS organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the do not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or prerecorded message, even if this number is on the do not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpon.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. OK. All right, so this plan, she only covers two plans in our network that she actually accepts. One of the plans is one of my favorite plans. It covers a lot of stuff and it covers the most amount of stuff in your local area. This is called the Well-Cared No Premium Plan. It is $0 premium, no annual medical deductible, Eric's coverage, it does cover your doctor in which I know that's what you're wanting. Extra additional services that we do offer is in-home support services. Teladoc, we do offer OTC and we do offer acupuncture and chiropractic services, which include massage therapy for pain. With this, it would be a $0 copay. You get 36 visits a year. Ambulance is also covered and that means ground and air is also covered with that. Dental services cover preventative and comprehensive. And then that includes cleaning, x-rays, oral exams, fluoride treatments, fillings, dentures, bridges, and root canals, add a $0 copay. And we use a company called Dental Quest which we can give you information for if you ever want a dental done. We cover diabetic self-management, supplies, and services. We also cover at a $0 copay diagnostic testing, labs, radiology, services, and x-rays. That includes any type of x-ray, ultrasound, blood work, urinalysis, anything like that. Your copay is gonna be $0 to see your doctor and or if she refers you to any specialty doctor, it would also be a $0 copay. Durable medical equipment. Now Medicare will cover 80% of it. You will cover the 20% that is supposed to come out of your pocket if you didn't have a plan. You would have to cover 20% of it. We cover that 20% for you. Emergency care is a $135 copay. However, with you having Medicaid, Medicaid will cover that copay for you. So you don't have to worry about that copay. Hearing benefits cover the annual exam and hearing aid fittings. You get $1,000 per year. Home health care is $0 copay. Immunizations, we cover all immunizations and that would be a $0 copay. We do inpatient hospital care. We cover 90 days. There is a $50 copay for days one and two. Once again, with having Medicaid, you are not paying copays so you don't have to worry about that. We do offer rehabilitation services, meaning occupational, physical, speech, pulmonary, and cardiac. And then we do offer $113 for over the counter. It does roll over and then you can always go. You're going to be getting a catalog on everything available for them over the counter. It includes everything from vitamins to laundry detergent, personal care items like shampoo, to razors, women needs, anything like that. You'll be able, we send you a well-care spendable card and you can either go into the store and or go to walmart.com and have a shift right to your house for free. Okay, so you already know about it. This plan does cover transportation back and forth to the doctor and then vision services. Cover routine exam, glaucoma testing and then you get $300 worth of four frames or lenses and or contacts. So this is also going to have your part D coverage. You're going to end up, your Medicaid is going to cover any kind. We do cover tier one through six. Tier one is what you're considered preferred generic drugs. Tier two is generic drugs. Preferred brand drugs is tier three. Non-preferred drugs is tier four. And then tier five and six are select care drugs and specialty care drugs. Meaning it is a cancer treating drug or something like that. And then also, so that's it. So your doctors are covered, your prescriptions will be covered. You would be ended up fully covered for any kind of copays because Medicaid would be kicking in for that. Did you have any questions? I tried it under. Okay. Oh, like a, you can get, I've seen nail files on their fingernail clippers. The cuticle cutters, you can get those on there. Yeah, no, you would have, I mean, you can't go get your nails done with it and I don't think you can buy press on nails. But any, yep, self care stuff is on there. Any, anything like they floss, toothbrush, toothpaste, every razor, you can buy razors on there. Rates shaving cream, anything like that. Yeah, all right. Right, now the easiest, if you want to kind of see before you get the catalog, I would honestly go to Walmart.com or you can download the Walmart app on your phone. If you go up to the search bar, you can hit OTC and it will bring up every item that's OTC eligible. And yeah, that way you can kind of just scroll see and what they, what they do approve. All right. And what is the medications that you're currently on? No problem. That's fine. Is she changes anything? You can call me back and I'm just gonna update it. And then what is your, you said you had your Medicaid ID number? Yeah, your, your MedCal card. Yeah, good to five more numbers. I just want to make sure I have everything in the notes. Okay, 902, 7, 6, 9, 6, 9, A is an Apple-86019. Okay, give me one second. Let me put the information in the phone. Yes, ma'am, it's delivered by the mailbox. I can definitely put it in the notes. So the bailing team can see it. Give me one second. Let me get back to it. So you said building 210? Okay. Okay. Not a problem. Correct. Now this insurance is gonna kick in March 1st for you because it does take about a week and a half to process your application. Correct. Yes. Anything after, I mean, even it on March 1st, this will begin at midnight. So you will have everything. But yes, you'll be able to set any kind of appointment by next Friday. All right, and I have your phone number as 661, 547, 6750, correct? Okay. All right, so I'm gonna go ahead and send you a link to your tax message. It's gonna be a blue link. If you wanna go ahead and put me on a speaker phone and open that up where I need your digital signature, on there for your application. Yep, go ahead and click on the link and it should come up clear match Medicare. Okay. Go ahead and scroll down a little bit. All your information is automatically gonna be in there. It filled out everything for you. Okay. And go ahead, yeah, scroll down until you hit next step. Then you should see your Medicare information. All right. All right, so you see your Medicare information that should have like a little picture of a medical card. Okay, scroll on down. Pass the blue box. The next question under the blue box should be requested coverage effective date. And it should state 31 of 2024. Okay, scroll down a little more. You're gonna hit, it should say primary doctor. You're gonna select, yes, you are already a patient of them. You're gonna hit no and no that you're not a dependent of anybody and you're not on VA or tri-care. Scroll down a little, you don't have prepayments so you hit coupon book. And then next, yes, ma'am, next step. Scroll down until you see the first green arrow. Then you'll click that, that you acknowledge that you do have to have hospital part A and medical part B in order to qualify for this plan, which you do. So then scroll down the second green arrow, that's gonna be your digital signature. And then you would just hit submit application. Then you should see a confirmation number that starts out with HPT. I just need the number behind it. No, ma'am, I'm gonna actually get your email address and I will email everything to you. Awesome. Okay. All right, now if you do want to screenshot that you can, but I am gonna about to get your email address and I will go ahead and email your confirmation to you. And I'm also gonna email my contact information to you. So you can, if you have any questions further, you can go ahead and reach out to me and I'll be happy to assist. I know you're sitting in a parking lot waiting for your husband. Yes, ma'am. Okay. Yeah. Okay. All right, so I'm gonna go ahead and make sure I put your cell up. Okay. Correct. Yes. Yes, ma'am. You do not have to have that. This plan will cover everything. So some plans like Etna and I know some plans with Sigma, they do not have, they just cover medical stuff. They don't cover prescription drug. Our plans are all inclusive. We always cover on any of our plans. We cover all of everything. So that might be why they gave you a drug plan that was in your area along with a different provider for your medical that was in that area. That may be what was going on. But now that you're on well care, you don't have to worry about multiple coverage. We're going to cover everything for you. So if you ever have questions about prescriptions or doctors or anything, that you only got to call us one time and we'll get it solved for you. Correct. Do you want me to give it to you now? Are you going to send it in that email? Okay, because there is a special California members number that you can reach out to that will pull up your information so you don't have to thank you with everybody else. Okay. All right. So I am going to get you over to the confirmation department. If you have any other questions, my contact information will be in the email and about to shoot over to you. And you can either email me back or you can call me. My extension and everything will be in there. And you are good to go as of March 1st. Within a week and a half, you should have your welcome packet which will have that OTC in there. And then you should have both of your cards. You're going to have a medical card which you can use for your dental vision hearing along with medical. And then you'll have your spendable card. So you should only be looking out for two cards. Yes, ma'am. All right, hold on one moment. Let me get you over. You too. Phyllis. Hi, my name is Zachary Stidal. I'm part of Health Plan 1 clear match customer care team. I do need to let you know this call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. Today, it looks like we're confirming your enrollment into the well care no premium focus HMO with the start date of March 1st, 2024. Is that correct? And I want to make sure that you have your agent's name and phone number. Okay, did you go over your doctors and prescriptions together? And we would like to make sure that we have your permission to give you a call if there's any needed follow-up by saying yes, you're confirming that you agree and consent for our company to contact you with phone calls, voice, mail, and text messages containing information about our products and services. We may use an auto-dial or pre-recorded message for these communications and you're not required to consent to make a purchase. You're agreeing to receive these communications at this number, even if the number is on to do not call list. Is that all right? All right, you are all set. I want to thank you for enrolling. Please don't hesitate to reach out to your agent if you have any questions. You're welcome. You have a fantastic rest of your day. Thank you. Bye-bye.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hi, I'm trying to get the well care and I have MediCare and I transfer from Los Angeles County and to Orange County, so I'm looking for a plan that I have a doctor in mind, but I need the plan so that she accepts the well care and MediCare. So, how do I get started? Yes, Phyllis, P-H-Y, L-L-I-S, Price, PR-I-C-E, 7, 16, 1954, 92870. I've been moved since January 435-33-Rucker, R-U-C-K-E-R, Street, and that's Lancaster, California, 935-35-210, South Highland, H-I-G-H-L-A-N-D, Avenue, and it's apartment B. And that's plus six. Yes, Positia, P-L-A-C-E-N-T-I-A, Avenue. I mean, not Avenue, it was in the city, that's, and I gave you the book, yes. Yes, the primary care doctor, her name is Dr. Goodbye, G-A-B-B-I, oh, am I supposed to know that? Let me make sure. Yes, Dr. Michelle, G-A-B-B-A-I, that's what I would like to have as my doctor. I just didn't know, but she does take real care because she does have my husband. Yes, hold on. And do you also need my medical or just, I have a beer, care. Okay. Okay, so my Medicare number is eight, eight is in Harry, nine, nine, P is in Paul, two, four, J is in Jack, D is in Dog, four, nine. And she goes over with the Mayflower Medical Group, that's what she's put. Yes, yes she is. And I got a question to a previous plan that I have, which strictly just helped me, you know, through L-A-K, my prescriptions go through signal. Is that going to still remain the same? Yes, okay. Hold on. Okay, sorry. I'm not driving, but I'm sitting in the car because I'm waiting on my husband. But anyway, okay, what would we say? Yeah, this just happened for 20. I was with that and then at the time when I was with the strictly health net. So then they changed me over to signal. And that's what I was trying to say. I know I'm being charged $1.55 per medication, except for my vitamin. I get that. I don't pay any pay for that. So I don't know if that remains the same or how that works even. That's what I thought too, but they I start getting charged and I did question it. So it's not like I didn't question it, but it's good. Yeah, I have three medications for the vitamin. That's it. So, and then I'm going to discuss whether maybe I don't need as much medication, just depending on where my pressure is. So, you know, that's what I thought I told him that in my pharmacy that I was using, I said, well, I haven't been paying any of this. And all of a sudden, but I don't even know how these I got connections with these different other places, you know, like signal and at know. And as soon as I got given that, that's when I started paying. So, okay. So, okay. Yes. Oh, okay. Okay. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. I know about the car because my husband has one. I think you kind of covered everything. I thought I was going to have a question. But I was one of the questions. Yeah, I thought I was going to be asking you about the card. And then I just want more question about that card though. Is there any exceptions to that card to, you know, say if I wanted to get something for my to keep my nails clipped or something like that. Would that be covered or not? No, no, I need something to sell here. Okay. I was just going to check in that because, you know, certain things. You know, over the counter. I wouldn't say to be able to get candy or something like that. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Let's make sure. Okay. I'm on hydrochloridides. I'm a retired LVN. So, I know how to say these words. Okay. And then I'm on, I'm low the pain and also low starting. She might be changing something, so we'll see. Yes. That's my BIC card, right? Yeah. That's long 902. 769. 698. And then it has about five more numbers that I give you everything to you. Okay. 86019. If you want to read it back, you can. Yeah. Now, I might need it because it's going to be delivered to the. The card would be delivered to the mail box. It's not like it's going to be delivered in the other way, right? Okay. Okay. Because it's the way I'm in apartment. And it says apartment B, but it's building to 10. So I don't know if I needed to add that on enough. Okay. Okay. I just kind of wanted to bring that up because I sometimes I don't know whether I should put the building on there or not. It's just like the address that is in the building to 10. And it's apartment B as a boy like you said. So now I will be able to set up appointment with this doctor. I can set it appointment maybe around the time my husband's going in. That's why I was getting that bad. My next. That's correct. Okay. Let me go into here where my drop down is. Okay. Then I just need to click on this link. Yes. Yes. I'm seeing it now. Then I say next step. Okay. Okay. Hold on. I'm just going to. Some reason it's not. Okay. For some reason it would. Okay. Now I see it. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. I see that. Then my current coverage. Right. Okay. I need to pay monthly payments. No. I don't know. Okay. Okay. All right. Then go to the next step. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Let me. Is there anything I need to write down? Okay. Oh. Okay. So this HPT. 107. 8167. Okay. Yes. Yes. Okay. So you need my email address. Okay. It starts off with my last name. So it's price. The word unlimited. With the number one. At Yahoo dot com. Now I'm the only thing on here. I'm not asking for this. And I don't remember asking for. Remember I told you I had it at one time. And now they. Here the signal. But that's nothing that I ever asked for. But they kind of like gave it to me. So I wasn't sure if that was the under the system. I was under that they gave that to me. But I don't have to have that. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. Uh-huh. Okay. And that's the member services number. Because I want to have that in my phone. Okay. Send it by email, please. Okay. Uh-huh. Okay. Uh-huh. Okay. Two cards. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. That's correct. Yes. She's emailing that to me. Yes. Okay. I appreciate it all. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.