Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Thank you for calling well care. There's call be recorded for quality and training purposes. My name is Stanley Forge and I'm a licensed insurance agent. How can I help you today? Okay. All right, we're going to send them over. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Rich. Well care. This calls me. I'm good. Thank you. Yes, this calls be recorded for quality and training purposes. My name is Stanley Forge and I'm a licensed insurance agent. Do you have any specific questions for me today? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, I can run through what you currently have and see if there's any additional benefits that we could offer you. All right, I'm thinking maybe one moment before we go over that. I'm just going to collect some basic information and then I'll just ask some questions and see what is available to you in your area. Got you. No problem. All right, what is your first and last name? I mean, F-R-A-C-S-N-K-C-S-N-Z-B-R. Okay, thank you. And what is your data birth? And what is your zip code? Or for Connecticut, or one moment please. And may I please have a phone number for contact in case this call gets disconnected? All right, before we go over anything, I do have to play a Medicare required recording. Once that is played, I'll ask a few questions and see what we can do for you. Tuesday, March 12, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan-slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan-slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 7-1-1 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. All right, fantastic. And after receiving the disclaimer, do you agree to receive calls and texts? No, no, no, I said after hearing the disclaimer, do you agree to receive calls and texts at this number? No, it's okay, it's okay. Of course, all right, thank you. Okay, and do you have both Medicare and Medicaid or just Medicare? Okay, guys. Okay, guys, you're perfect. All right, so based off, I can see where we have available that can assist you in any way based off of your Medicare and Medicaid eligibility. Are you able to retrieve your Medicare and Medicaid card for me? Okay, thank you. All right, and for starters, can I get your Medicare numbers, please? Perfect. And was that a CQ as in Charlie Quincy or Edward Quincy? Okay. All right, just saying not a valid Medicare beneficiary identifier, let me repeat the numbers that I have. I have seven as an apple, as an apple, six, C as in CQ as in Queen, nine, six, X as in X, Ray, four, seven. Okay, so what was the number instead of six? What was that number? Yes, please. Perfect, okay. And may I please have your Medicaid numbers? Sure, hold on. I'm not sure what the Medicaid card, that's a long number. I'm not sure if that's the one. Is there another number on there? Yes. Okay, perfect. That might be it. All right, man, please, when I brief hold, I have to call a special populations department and see if they can confirm your Medicaid eligibility. Then I can see what plans we have available in the area that can possibly offer you a little more assistance, okay? All right, I'll be right back. No problem. All right, Cynthia, I'm back. I have the information I need. I just need to run over something real quick and confirm what we can do for you. Also, do that permission to use your Medicare numbers to look at the current status of your Medicare and see what plan you currently have. Thank you. And do you have a spendables card with Anthem or anything that helps you pay for things like they used to? I don't know, 135. I understand 100%. Yeah, and I have been noticing that they are taking a lot of benefits away, which I do agree is unfair to those that actually needed. I do apologize for that. I'm trying to see my condolences. I definitely agree. I definitely understand as well. There's also issues. And is it Anthem is only giving you 130? Do you use that 130 for food? It doesn't burn. Yeah, I'm in the process of having one myself soon, and I'm realizing how expensive things are about to become. Thank you. Yeah, it's first time. Oh, congrats to her. It's a blessing. But yeah, now we're running through everything. I'm starting to realize how expensive things are getting. So based off of what you just mentioned, Anthem, Anthem currently is giving you more assistance than well care can offer, which is very. Very frustrating because I do want to be able to offer the most that I can free, but I only service a well care plans. Based on your Medicaid, I was really, I'm not sure if have you ever had United health care or have you ever had. Humanity. How much do human provide you? And have you counted your bank? Yeah, there's some of that helps much. Okay. And when you went through with. Did you call your bank to let them know that there was fraud on your account? Did they offer any assistance then? Okay. I want to be able to, I want to see if I can transfer you to one of our brokers and see if there are any other plans that can offer you more in your area based off of your Medicaid eligibility because I only service the well care plans. But I do believe there may be a plan that can offer you more than 130 so you can be able to at least get a little bit extra taking care of and see if they have. I just don't have the ability to look at myself and as much as I want to be able to offer you assistance, I am limited to only well care plans, but the well care plans are not going to do you any good at this moment based off of the amount that we're able to provide you. It's like another part C plan with you, man, I'm with like anthem, but yeah. Yeah, so anthem what you have giving is giving you 130 you said well care the most that we have available in the area is 100 and that's not going to do you any good giving you $30 less. So I believe that maybe one of our brokers can be able to find a plan that can offer you from icebergs, I think not a health care does offer some members a little bit extra from what I've seen. If it would benefit you in the long run possibly yes, maybe they maybe they have some meals on wheels available. I can have I can speak with the broker and have them look up some plans in the area just explain to them thoroughly that you need, you know, you don't want to be cannot afford to be on the plan that's giving you any less. And hopefully they are going to do their due diligence to find you something more helpful, but that can definitely save you the most that what I want to explain is that if we can get you on something that can keep all of your costs low for things like doctor visits home and then provide you with additional money towards your spendables that can possibly cut some costs and be able to help you. At least cover some of the bills that you're struggling with. So then if it's not any of benefits to change to find a different plan then I would recommend contacting a social security department and seeing if there are other possible assistance that you can get outside of the medical poor outside of the medical field. Because other than that then I know not necessarily. I understand but I do feel I do feel that it is not very straightforward when you get on the phone people because they always try to do something hidden in the back end, but that's why I try to keep it truthful with the people that call me in the beginning because I understand first thing that is. And. Yeah. Have you tried considering if you're able to move in with your daughter or is she able to take like help you out of. Definitely doesn't. When you try to look things up online it doesn't direct you to the proper number than you end up speaking with you know people like me who know. Yeah. Okay. No problem Cynthia and I hope everything does go well. No problem Cynthia. Yes well. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hi, Stanley. My name is Laurie. I'm with Qualifon Medicare. I have Cynthia Frosch-Zec on the line in Connecticut, zip code 06010, data birth 102763. She has Medicare Medicaid struggling with food. Any groceries, mills on wheels, anything would be helpful. Perfect. You're welcome. Hey, Cynthia. I have your license by their family. He's in your area. He's going to check on all the food benefits, try and get you some food in that fridge. Okay. Okay. Yeah. All right. You can go ahead, Stanley. Hi. How are you? Well, I told the girl. I guess I'll tell you all over again, but I'm looking for meals on wheels. Yeah. I'm not getting anywhere. I feel like it's no matter who I call. I either don't ever get caught back or I don't reach out to the right person or I'm really having a hard time. I lost my spouse a little over a year ago. I use a scooter. I have basically, I have snapped, but somebody got into my account, took my money. I had to get a new card, and now they just keep on lowering and lowering and lowering my snap benefits. I guess now also anthem, not a blue. They're bringing down their prices on the over the counter. It was 150. Now they're bringing that down to me. I used to rely on that too. So I'm at the point where I basically have no food and I lost 20 pounds and I can't get meals on wheels. And I can't even, and even if I have money, I can't get out to buy like this. Sometimes you do the groceries. I get delivered, obviously, very low. But then sometimes there's nothing available. They forget it or whatever. And then I'm doing without, you know, like I'm a diabetic and I do the groceries. I do like $40 with the groceries, which is almost like the last money in my account. And I'm a diabetic and sure enough, I forgot to get equal. So now I have to basically live without any kind of equal sugar or anything like that. So I'm struggling. I know everybody else is to, you know, but I know that if you're disabled and you're homebound and you're over 60 and you live in the state of Connecticut, you are eligible to get meals on wheels. And somebody said they had given me, they have gotten the number for like a release to give it to like, say, cook a little bit the establishment that does the service. You know, so, but anyways, that's my situation. Okay, just just remember, just remember, I'm not homebound, which makes single really different. So, yeah, I'm Cynthia. Yeah, phrasic, FRA. He hasn't had the as in zebra, EK, EK, phrasic. October 27, 1963, 06010, 860, 414, 6149. Okay, wonderful. Are you out of Bristol? Okay, I listened to a bunch of recordings. Did you say you want me to check my text message? Okay, I'm sorry. You know what? I'm so sorry. I'm missing a hearing agent. So bear with me. Okay, yes. I get like, I'll get like maybe 81% of what you're saying. So bear with me. Okay. Yes, I do agree for receiving emails and text messages. I have Medicare and Medicaid. I also get snap, but you know, like government assistance and then if you will help, I get all kinds of help, but not with this. Yes, or hold on that. Okay, I found it. 7, A, A, 6, B, Q, 9, F, X, 4, 7. See as in cat QS and Queen. No, no, no, 6. Okay. Can I repeat the whole thing to you again? Okay. 7, A, A, 6. B is in cat Q is in Queen, 9, F as in Frank, X as in X-ray, 4, 7. Okay. Let me correct the current. Oh, my gosh. That'll be on my silver part, right? Yeah. Well, it should. Okay. I'll let me give it a snowman. We'll see how it goes. Okay. I don't know. I never know whether to give the whole number. I'm going to give it a whole number. It's 6, 0, 0, 8, 9, 8, 0, 0, 2, 4, 8, 0, 3, 1, 1, 1, 6, 2. Actually, it says client number, but when I call certain places, they want some want the whole number and some don't. So that's why I started with this. Let's start over again. I apologize. I'm going to give you which I probably should have gave you the first place. Okay. Ready? 0, 0, 2, 4, 8, 0, 3, 1, 1. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Yes. You have permission. Yeah. They used to give me 150. And of course, like anything else, they're taking things away. So that's one, another, or they take away from that. I think it's down to 135. You know, it's like a taking sample away from me because they have their own information. Then I think, well, I have that, that card. Now they take the money away from that. You know, all these things are changing and I understand that the economy is bad. But I'm disabled. I'm in a bad place and I know I should be getting some help. You know, with me over the wheels, and I'm not. And I don't know if it's, I don't know what I'm doing. I feel sometimes like there's other so many places to call. I'm overwhelmed with who to call, where to go. And then I'm writing everything down. And it's just too much. I need, I need some help. You know, yeah. Well, you know, it is somebody gotten somebody got into my ebt card and got into my check and account. Okay. So you want to talk about being hungry. I am on my own with my, my spouse died a year ago. I'm actually sitting here with, I have food and, yeah, I have food in the refrigerator. But I know that it's just a matter of time that it's going, I'm going to run out of food. And I need foods that are like prepared because I'm not safe near a stove because I use a scooter. You know, and with the two rods and the 20 fusion by having my back, you know, like bending over and putting stuff in the oven and picking things up. I just can't do it anymore. I've been like this for like 15 years, but I'm getting older. And I then, you know, semi-independent, but my independence after my girlfriend died, I just fell apart and I can't seem to pull out a hole. And it doesn't help that it could take all the money away. You know, yeah. Yeah, because basically right now, what I'm getting in person is like, I would say, 23 dollars a week if you want to break it up that way. That's what I'm getting. I paid my electric with it. And then then I paid the like 30 something dollars. So I have that for 30 something dollars. Like I said, it doesn't get you too far. You know, it's thank God I got that for my electricity because I don't know what I would do. You know, I get assistance, but they don't give you electricity help because it's not gas. I have heat. I have gas. So they helped me with that, you know. And then, of course, the phone went up and the cable went up. I mean, everything was going up, you know. I don't know how the people survived that have kids, little kids these days. Oh, congratulations. First time? First time? Yeah, my daughter's going to have a baby, maybe 15 things would be her second worry. So how exciting. Yeah, yeah, it gets me a grandma again. Yeah, I guess so. What can I help? Yeah, I had him in and past. That's why I got it. Remember, I know, I know it was better when I went to none of Blue Rose about the thing. I don't know the journey. You know, I don't remember things because I got a lot of health issues. I don't remember everything. You know, if I don't write it down, you know, and a year goes by or months or whatever or hours, I don't remember. You know what it is? Oh, you know what? I'm sorry, I don't need to stop you. When for a while, I was getting like two deposits of snap and it was like two separate. Yeah, it was like 161 at the first. And then in the middle of the month, I mean, another 160. That was during COVID. Okay, then after things come down, it basically, you know, when you think 161, 16, you get it up. Now it's down to 119 a month. I mean, who the hell can with the $119 of food? You know, I never know who to call these days anymore. I got all that stuff taken care of. Yeah. Yeah. What's exactly what is the walk? Yeah, yeah. I have that, of course. Yeah. Yeah, right. So did you have extra? Does that mean I have to change my health insurance? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't ever get being on like Medicare and Medicaid and getting help and stuff like that. You know, my medical, I'm okay with my medical. You know, I'm comfortable. I don't have any bills or like some people with big medical bills. I don't have no medical bills. I think I have one from the dentist for $50. That's it. Okay. So you don't deal with, so you don't deal with all with meals and wheels. You know, this is I'm on the phone all day. I talked to probably 10 people and they get all into questions like this and you know what, I hang up the phone and I get pissed and then I say, you know what, I'm just going to start because I can't get no help. You know, so it is what it is. Yeah. No, I'm glad you did. You know, so I don't know. Like I said, I, you know, after my work and diet, I was 59 at the time and, you know, I haven't disabled for like 14, 16 years. I don't even know anymore. And it's just like everything changed for me. And then all of this started changing and I just overwhelmed with all these changes. You know, and I'm petrified to end up in a kind of lesson home because I can't afford my apartment. And I got a daughter, but she lives far away. You know, so I don't have that that help. You know, then having to pay $1,600 a month for daycare, I don't think they're going to be helping me out with anything. You got where I'm coming from and I want to ask them anyways. I like to be independent. You know, you know, oh God, no, oh God, no, I would have to move to Massachusetts. Absolutely. I don't even want to move out of my city, all my doctors are here. You know, I wish I could, but I just, I honestly have to, it's a reality check that I have to stay where I am. And what I need is if I get the help that I am supposed to be getting, I'm going to be okay, but I feel like, no matter who I talk to, I can't get meals on wheels. You know, I mean, to me, I mean, it's a senior center in Bristol. They send two meals on Monday. They're like two little tiny TV dinners. They're not big, but I'm not a big eater anyway. So that's cool to two meals. But people are supposed to be getting two meals a day and then they're giving meals for the weekend. I'm getting only one day. One day, like, why would, you know, I'm in the system. Why would you give me just one day? That doesn't make any sense. You know, all right, so call the Social Security, right? Yeah. Yes. I'm trying to sell you insurance. No, but you were trying to help me. So, no, no, no, that's your job. That's your job anyway. All right. Well, thank you for the information. I will call up Social Security and see what they can do. Who knows. If I can get some information from them. Yeah. All right. Thanks a lot. Okay. Have a nice day. Okay. Yeah. Okay. All right.