Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hello, this is Buchanan Maldonado with well care Medicare. Who don't have the pleasure of speaking with today? Yeah, sure be more than happy to thank you so much. All right. Well, it's a pleasure to meet you Judy I'm just to let you know my name is Buchanan Maldonado. It's a very unique name usually Buchanan's the last name so if you If you ever call in, trust me, don't know who I am if you ask for Buchanan and if that's too hard to say, you can always call me Bucky, everyone calls me that too as well. So I'm a licensed agent and in Medicare advisor with well care Medicare and basically what we do is we do plan comparisons to see if there's any other savings that we could find with you. And that could be what the same company you're with right now with humanity because we do work with humanity and we also work and have partnerships with many other companies as well. And so with that being said, what I would do is just verify just a basic info. Look you up in the Medicare system see exactly which plan you're in and then do a plan comparison and just so that you know this call is being recorded for quality and training purposes. Let me give you my contact info in case you ever need to call me back you have a pen and paper handy. So my phone number is going to be 877-581-5373 and my extension is 3143. Sure, perfect, you got it. Like I said, even if you lose the extension or get the wrong person just tell them Buchanan and they'll be able to find me. Okay, so the next thing is, I believe she already verified your zip code in your date of birth. Was that correct and the information she gave out loud for your zip code in date of birth? Okay, and what county do you currently live in? Can you confirm the phone number you're calling from? That's fun. All right, that's your landline. Okay, and do you prefer people calling you on the landline? All right, so I'll put that in the main number contact. One second. Okay. All right, and next. Okay, so in order to go over what different benefits that you're entitled to in your area, we do have to play our Medicare disclosure recording. It's approximately, I want to say about a minute and a half long. And once we play this, I'll ask you two questions. One will be related to callbacks in case we get disconnected. The other one will be related to being able to discuss different Medicare benefit options with you. And like I say, every call, I don't know what plans are available to look, so you could be in the top plan for all I know. We'll find out since I take a look, okay? So one second. Thursday, March 14, 2024. This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health related information, unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part dispenser. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the do not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by auto dialer or pre-recorded message, even if this number is on the do not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpon.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision, or any ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. All right, thank you so much for your patience. So in case we get disconnected, Judy, in order to give you a call right back, do you understand and agree to the disclaimers we just played about calls or texts at this number? Yes, there they are. All right. The next question is in order to discuss any Medicare benefit options with you, do we have your permission to discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare supplements, prescription drug plans, dental, vision hearing, or any ancillary benefits you may need today? March 14, 2024. Yes or no? All right, perfect. And now the next thing is in order to verify your Medicare status is still active. I'm going to read this Medicare statement and get your authorization and then look you up. It says, it is important that the information provided is correct to the best of your knowledge. And in attempt to avoid delays of your enrollment application being processed, we would like to verify your information with these centers for Medicare and Medicaid services, CMS, prior to a Roma submission, do we have your consent to complete this verification? Please note that during this validation, CMS may provide additional details regarding your eligibility, which can assist your licensed sales agent which is the plan that best fits your needs. Is that a yes or no? All right, and what is your Medicare number? Sure, take your time. All right, it's loading. All right, perfect. All right, and are you still located at the T35 Eagle Loop? And do you still receive mail at that location as well? All right, perfect. Give me one moment. Okay, let's go ahead and look up your plan. All right, you and the Humanit Choice PPO. Okay, let's put this here in notes. Okay, give me a one second. Okay, now let me verify that. The next thing that I'm going to do is do a plain comparison and pull up the plans in Ontario County that we work with. Floating. Okay, all right. Okay, mail at Choice PPO. So, okay, so it looks like your current plan. Maximum out of pocket is $4,900. Part of my care doctor visits are at zero. Specialism in network are $30. And patient hospital stays $2.50. Urgent care is $40. Emergency room is $120. Ambulance is $300. Okay, all right, give me one second. Okay, one of the differences I saw is one of the plans that you're on right now. It looks like you're getting over-the-counter benefits of $50 every three months. I did find a plan that would give you $138 every three months for over-the-counter benefits. It's a PPO. Similar to yours right now. Oh, okay. Gotcha, okay. Gotcha, okay. Another thing was like dental. Like on your current plan looks like there's $1,000 a year for dental. There are other plans I see like $2,000 a year for dental. That would have the same copay as yours for specials of $30. And $0 for primary care doctor visits as well. Let me see what your deductibles are. Looks like you have a $0 deductible. Let's not pass. Okay. Give me one second. You might hold it for just a moment. I'm going to check with some of the other carriers as well. All right, Judith. Thank you so much for your patience. So I'm going to have one of my colleagues, Barbara, who has access to more plans and benefits. She's going to see with some of the other carriers as she can lower the costs of my doctor visits. Or maybe get you some extra perks that you don't currently get on your current plan, okay? You're good at it. Hi, Judith. My name is Barbara Politi. With clear match Medicare, I'm going to be your senior certified in my since clear match agent for the state of New Mexico today. It's very nice to meet you, Judith. So I understand that you are just looking to see if there's anything extra out there that maybe you haven't been receiving. Is that correct? Well, I can go over it with you, Judith. Okay. And see if there's anything that's of interest to you. And if it is, you know, I'm here to help you with that. Now, Judith, do you make your own, you welcome, honey. Do you make your own healthcare decisions? Okay. And you are enrolled currently in Medicare Parts A and B. And do you receive any Medicaid benefits? What about VA or retirement benefits? Okay. That's... Yeah, but no medical coverage. Okay. We do not offer every plan available in your area. Currently, we represent over 128,000 plans nationwide. Please contact Medicare.gov, 1-800-Medicare, or your local state health insurance program to get information on all your options. Okay. No, I understand you've listened to our Medicare disclaimer. So, Judith, can I take a moment to review your Medicare? Do I have your permission to pull up your information? Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Just give me a second here. Come on. Is this not working? Hold on, honey. Let me reboot it. I want you to just slow. Okay. Okay, Judith. Just one second. Okay. So, someone has enrolled you into... You manage a choice PPO for April 1st. Are you aware of that? Okay. You do not get any extra help from medications. Okay. Okay. Let me go do a little... Uh-huh. No. Because if you decided to enroll in a different plan with me, if I found you had more benefits, it would just override that enrollment. Okay. Okay. Oh, no question is done. You've heard that before. But you know what I would like you to do, Judith. Okay. Okay. Okay, honey. Okay. Okay. Okay. Now, Judith, would you verify your zip code in your date of birth for me? Thank you. Okay, just one second. It's too expensive for you. Manage, here's one that might be good. Yeah, you man it uses the same name for multiple plans. So that's why that's okay. So I'm going to look at your plan and this other plan. So just one second, let me get down here. So I can look at some benefits for you. Okay. Okay, Judith, I'm going to go over to manage choice plan that you are not enrolled in. Okay. And as I go through it, I will tell you what increases for you or decreases. Okay. Okay. So your monthly plan premium is zero. When you see your primary care doctor in network, it's zero. And if they're out of network, it would be a $15 copay. Now, your specialist would be a $20 copay, which goes down from the plan that you're enrolled in because what you'd be paying is 30. So there's $10 right there savings. And if they're out of network, it'll be a 30% co-insurance versus the 50% co-insurance. All right. Now for dental, let me get down here. Your dental will increase to $2,500 a year for a preventative incomprehensive. So that's an additional $1,500 for you. Yeah. Okay. Now for vision, your routine eye exam is zero. And your benefit amount is $150 for glasses each year, and that's the same. What about hearing aids? Do you require hearing aids? Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, okay. Well, I can't hear people that whisper to me. I never could, and I can't read lips. So I'm going like, what are you saying? Talk to me. Yes. Yes. Transportation. You will have 24 one-way trips to medical locations or pharmacies or 12 round trips that hasn't changed. Now, what's changed is over here. What has changed is you're over the counter. It has gone up to $100 every three months. What you're receiving on your current plan is $50 every three months. So that's almost... Okay. Well, this is for your everyday things that you get at the drugstore. Sonnest medication, shampoo, so every three months you will have $100 to spend on those items, so it doesn't have to come out of your personal budget. Okay. Okay. No. All of your preventative services, wellness education programs, and annual shops are a zero copay. If you go into the hospital, Judith, your first five days will be $240 a day, and then day six to 90 will be zero. And right now, you're paying $250 a day, so that goes down $10 for you. Right? Your emergency room drops down to a $90 copay. Unless they admit you to the hospital within 24 hours, then that will be waived. Your standard X-rays, labs, and diagnostic procedures are a zero copay. If you require a ground ambulance, or an air ambulance, that would be a $265 copay. If you like to go to an urgent care-a-walking clinic, that is a $40 copay. If you have to have any outpatient services, this is where you go into the hospital and come out in the same day. Your range would be zero to $240 depending on what type of services be rendered. Okay, if you need home health care services, you would need a prior authorization from your primary care doctor, but then your service itself is a zero copay. This plan does have mental health care. If you ever require that, one second, let me get down here. Any durable medical equipment, wheelchairs, walkers, canes, anything of that nature. Your co-insurance is 18% versus the normal 20%. Now, your additional benefits. You're going to have the service-neakers' membership at a zero copay. If you get discharged from a hospital, they will home delivery emails for your transition home at a zero copay. Oh, wait, honey, this one doesn't have prescription drug coverage. I am so sorry, because you have to have prescription drug coverage, whether you use it or not. Otherwise, you're going to have penalties. So, let me take that one off. See where else can I? I'm just taking a look at your copays here. Now, this one would drop down to $275. Let me look at that one maybe, compared to your other plans. No, that one doesn't have drug coverage. This is the one you're involved in. Don't have very many plans in your area. That's one of the things. Now, let me look at this wheelchair plan for you. Say, $0.30, let's see what Dento gives you. Dento gives you $2000. That's an increase. Your vision will be a hundred. Your over-the-counter is $98 every three months. So, that's an increase for you. Hold on. The hospital cost drops down to $275 per day for days 1 to 10 and then day 11 to 90 zero. The emergency room does increase to $135. I'll copay unless they admit you hit a hospital within 24 hours and that's waived. Your natural payment, outpatient, your diagnostic test, your x-rays, and your labs are a zero copay. The ground ambulance or air ambulance is $275. That goes down $25 for each one. Urging care reduces down to $30. Unless they admit you hit a hospital within 24 hours and that will be waived. Hold on. Your home health care is zero. You just need a prior authorization. Okay, let me get down here. You're going to have the silver sneakers gym membership. The 24-hour nurse advice line and the 24-hour telehealth provider. They will home delivery you meals if you get discharged from a hospital for a zero cost to help you with your transition home. Okay. Now, your medication cost on this plan, but you said you don't take many medications, right? Okay, but I'm required to go over the cost anyway with you, so yeah. Okay, so tier one is $10. Tier two is $20. Tier three is $47 and the specialty meds are 50% co-insurance. Now, I want to check the name of the, I want to check your eye drops. Is that a prescription eye drop that you take? Okay, and do you know what the name of it is so I can check the cost for you? Take your time. You don't have your, you don't have your old container. Okay, okay. Okay. Oh, you're more than welcome. Now, my next step to do is to review your doctors to make sure all of your doctors,

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hi, I have a tutor here with us. Her zip code is 888-10. Her birthday is February 25, 1942. She has Medicare AMB, a Humana Advantage plan. She has some co-cries on her prescriptions and then would like to know about all the extra advantages and benefits. Could you please help her? Thank you. Thank you. I was going to say, hey, nobody will forget you. There you go. Okay, let me get a poem. I will in a couple of seconds, just a moment. Okay, go ahead. Okay, I'll repeat it back to you. 877-581-5373, extension 3143, right? Yes, I believe so. Yeah. Otero. O-T-E-R-O. I'm calling from my, oh gosh, here, I'm calling from my cell phone. Let me give you my home phone. Just a minute, please. Okay, I'm back. It's 575-437-8718. Yes, please. Okay, I agree. There. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Please. I have it here. 5R-D6-U13-MC52. And it's part AMB. Yes. Yes. Okay, let me explain. I've never used that. If I need something from the drug store or something, I just go buy it. I know that's part of a plan, but just since you brought it up, I thought I should point out. You know, I mean, it's nice to have. Of course, unfortunately, I haven't had to use it, but that's the situation. I mean, my doctor says I'm the healthiest 81-year-old patient he's ever had. I take pride in that. I haven't done it much to make that happen, but. So, you know, a lot of fancy things that, you know, that other people need, I don't necessarily need. Sure. Oh, no problem. No problem. Okay, thank you. Oh, good. I'm glad I'm meeting you. Yes. The way I would explain it is I'm very happy with what I have, but I haven't had to use it. You know, and, you know, so sometimes when you're reading, you get all this literature and you're reading it, you wonder if there's something better that maybe you should be looking into. Thank you. Yes. Oh, thank you. VA for sure. No. I have it. I don't believe I get anything from retirement. You know, I graduated, worked with a pension, but I think that's pretty much where it stops. No. Oh, yes. Yes. Oh, yes. Yes. Now, look, may I ask a question? Since I enrolled in the insurance company, you mentioned, I, does that negate any business with you? Oh, okay. Yeah, I just, you know, I am not into the medical field and know all this. So, I just, if I have some questions, please excuse. Well, while you're looking, while you're looking for something, the other phones ring in. So, maybe it works out. Okay. I'll be right back. I'm back. Yes. zip code is 888-310. Data birth is February 25th, 1942. I believe the one I just went with is humana choice. Oh. Oh, I didn't understand. Yeah. Oh, good. Okay. Okay. Okay. No. No. No. Only if you whisper, I hear everything. I'm teasing. If louder, please. Okay. Well, I have no medications. I don't take any medications, except I drop. Yeah. Okay. No. Oh, that's nice. Yes. Uh-huh. Okay. Right. Thank you. No. No. Right. You're to tell me. Yes. Okay. Yes. Yes. I'll, I'll have to go to the bathroom just to get it. Thank you. I'm afraid I don't have the name to give you because I used the last bit and I have been back to the doctor since. So, uh, I don't know. No, no. That's why I was looking for. Yeah. Thank you. And you've been so complete. Thank you.