Agent-Channel 1(RIGHT):  Hello, thank you for calling well. There's a long end. We are recording our quality and planning purposes. Laura Baker, Doria, and is that DORA, IA? OK. And how does the Bosch-Lec? Bosch-Lec. OK, thank you for that. How may I assist you today? Oh, so you just turned 65? OK, there's many appointments that you're eligible for to Okay. Oh my goodness. Right. All right. All right. Well, let's try this. First, I need some of your information before I can discuss anything and see what's in your area. That's the whole thing. Yes. Yeah, they cover drugs, they cover your prescriptions. And medical, medical means they also cover your, you know, doctor's office and everything. So, you know, you're looking at a vantage point. Yeah. Because they also are D-roll premium plans. They offer the medical and the doctors. All right. So let me try this. Let me get your zip code. You say you got AMB. You got Medicaid. OK, not a problem. And you get extra help. All right. I'll pull your information and see what else there. So I can help you with that. It's not a problem. So it is my job to assist you in finding all the benefits you are entitled to because a lot of times there's quite a bit. Right. I understand you want a zero premium prescription drug plan. OK. I understand what you're saying. So, all right. I can get that. If you want to. No. See, we're not allowed to discuss all that until we play a disclaimer for you. It's a 90-second disclaimer. I have to play it in order to be able to discuss all that with you. No. Right. Right. Because I mean, what a disclaimer is it's telling you that if we get. You know, we got to have your permission to be able to call you back in case we get disconnected. So that that's in there. And it's going to tell you that we're going to this in order for me to discuss those plans with you. The advantage plans, the PPO plans. Of course, it gives you a full, you know, more of a list than what we're really going to discuss. But, you know, that's only because they just want to cover everything in case you decide later on. You want to discuss all that. But we're going to go, we're going to discuss just the advantage of PPO. And all that's doing is saying that you give me permission to discuss that with you. That's pretty much all it is. All right. But I got to play it first. All right. OK. Your date of birth? OK. Oh, yeah. Happy birthday, Heather. You're welcome. All right. All right. Do you have a box? OK. OK. You're in Florida. OK. Yeah. It's all mine. So please note, we do not offer every plan available in your area. But to see what you do, qualify for. Can you please confirm as a code again? 2927. OK. Let me get that in here. Hold that up. What I'm doing is pulling up and pulling that up and all the plans. So when while you're. So in case we get disconnected, can you please confirm your phone number? All right. No, I don't call all the time. I call when it's required. OK. I can burn the middle of talking. We get disconnected. And I call back. But that's only times that I call. All right. So thank you for that. So I got permission to call you back if we get disconnected. Correct? Great. All right. So we already verified your birthday. So before we can review your additional benefits. Like I was explaining that it requires that I play that disclaimer. So while they're recording this plan, I will be searching for the information about the benefits. We have talked. That we had talked about so far. So if you hold on one moment. All right. Let me get you on here first. So that's OK. So I'm going to play that 92nd message. I'll play the disclaimer for you. So thank you. And hold on one second. Just please answer your notes to it. And I will connect you. OK. Thank you. ONE.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare Supplements, Prescription Drug Plans, Dental, Vision, or any Ancillary plans such as cancer, heart attack, stroke, accident, and hospital coverage. OK. I didn't get to put that in the beginning. I'm going to need to play it just to the part where I missed. And then I'll take it back off from that. Just so you can answer those two questions. I'm sorry. My software didn't click over. OK. Every quick. I'm sorry. Software. Friday. March. Can you hear it? This call will be recorded for quality and training purposes. You are not required to give any health-related information unless it's used to determine your eligibility to enroll in a plan slash program. If you choose not to provide the requested health information, you may not be able to enroll in a plan slash program. This conversation has no effect on your current or future health coverage unless you enroll in a plan today. Talking to me does not obligate you to enroll or automatically enroll you in a plan. Clear match Medicare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. If you speak a language other than English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. TTY users may dial 711 for assistance. Plans are insured or covered by a Medicare advantage, HMO, PPO, and PFFS, organization with a Medicare contract and or a Medicare approved part, D-sponsor. Enrollment in the plan depends on the plan's contract renewal with Medicare. In case we get disconnected or if we call or text you after today for any reason, we will need to reach you at this number, even if it is on the due not call list. Do you agree to receive these communications? Please confirm that you agree to receive calls, texts at this number, including by Autodilor or pre-recorded message, even if this number is on the due not call list. This consent is not required as a condition to use our services and can be revoked by calling our hotline at 844-978-0969 or emailing us at privacy at hpone.com. Before we get started, today we will discuss Medicare... Okay, see, I didn't make you listen to it all again. I didn't catch you before we cut off that. So, thank you for your patience. Do you understand and agree to the disclaimer I played included receiving calls and texts to this number? All right. So, it's looking at what I got here. So, the plans that you want, the PPO plans you want to review, I got to escalate you to my upper management part. You know, they handle that part. So, if you hold on one second, by playing it as a disclaimer cut out in the time so you won't have to go through all that again. So, I won't take them long to go over the benefits which you're asked for, okay? So, hold on one second while I get them on the phone for you. Okay, let's see, you are in. Okay. Nana, they're going to do Tiana. I'm going to specify it. So, when I get them on the phone. Sure. They'll be able to discuss it with you. And if you want to know about any of the other plans, they can do that too. So, one second, please. Right, right. Okay. One second. Right. Okay. Well, here's what your whole thing is. You still want to pick a, you want them to find you a primary care. Well, all of them have RX. Anything they discuss if you have. Okay. Here's how you work that. Okay, now here it is. Let me explain it to you. You could pick, I mean, you could pick just, you know, just pick an RX for a PPO plan. But you don't have to go to them. You could go to anywhere you want that will accept the plan. That's how that works because all plans require, okay. Yes. Here's how it works. Now, it's all good. I'm all about you understanding what you're getting into. You should know. Okay. So, all plans require that you have a primary care doctor. You don't have to see that primary care doctor. If you're on that PPO, if you don't want to, or any of the others, you can always change it. But when you first sign on, you want to have a doctor on there. So you can get the plan you want. With the zero premium PPO, there are zero premium PPO's that has the prescription drug plan. So you don't have to pay, hopefully you won't have to pay any deductibles. And you won't have to pay for two plans. Because if you get a prescription drug plan, you're going to have to pay for that. You're going to have to pay for a less paid for a huge deductible. So you're, you better off for, no, the, the region, well, there's different, different plans, you know, they can range. But most of your plans are $545 for the prescription drug plans for deductibles. It can vary. But you could possibly get, like if some of these prescription drug plans, I mean, these are, advantage plans. There's zero deductible on some, maybe 100, maybe 150. So you're, you know, you get better options. And you're not paying for that, you're not paying for a plan, a prescription drug plan. So I would just let they review those PPO plans with you. And then decide, you know, at least here, right? So this, so they're going to be able to read that you're all your. All right. Hold on a second. They are able to compare all of that for you apples to apples. When I tell the person when I get on air. No, no, I'll have them soon. You want. Yes. I'll do that for you. All right. You're so welcome. Hold on a second. Hello, Doria. What is that book you were asking for? The directory. Correct, correct. There you go. Yes. Yes. Maybe we'll be able to look all that up for you. Yes. Yeah. I can look all that up for you. Yeah. I'll talk it later. Good luck, Doria. Have a good day. You're welcome. Bye. Bye. Thank you. Hi there. My name is Phoebe Willis and I'm from ClearMatch Medicare and we're on a recorded line for quality and training purposes. Yes. It's Phoebe Willis and we're with ClearMatch Medicare like from friends. Yes. And I'm with ClearMatch Medicare and this is a recorded call for quality and training purposes. I am a licensed insurance agent. I am happy to help you look at humana plant options. I am appointed with humana as well other carriers available in the area. So please note we do not offer every plant available in your area. Currently we represent 27 organizations nationally and more than 128,950 plants. Please contact Medicare.gov, 1-800-Medicare or your local state health insurance program to get information on all of your options. And to see what you qualify there in your area is locally. What is your zip code in your county? Okay. Thank you so much. Before the county's Florida. Okay. Thank you so much. And that's the city of Cocoa, right? Cocoa? Okay. Okay. And let's see. What is your birthday? Thank you so much. And your first and last name? Thank you so much for that, Mrs. Bosnack. All right. So what I'll do, what I do is I hope beneficiaries like yourself find the plant that they need, that means their needs. Once we find that plan, I can help you find providers as far as getting a directory from the provider. I may be able to put in a request for the descending one, or I can give you the customer service number at the end of the call so that you're able to contact them and ask them specifically for a directory for your service area. That is something that they can do. But I can also look for providers there in your area. Okay. Now, I'm going to try and catch up to where she, where my colleague left off. So she says she laid the disclaimers already. So you've heard the recorded message, right? About calls and texts of the number? Right. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to... Yeah. I can definitely help you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Matt. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's my job. So I'm just asking. So it's just, you know, so the way these calls kind of go until you understand, because I feel like you're the kind of person that needs all the info up front. So the way these calls kind of go. Yeah. And I can also help you find it. I can help you find it if you're. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh-huh. Okay. So with the PPO, we still have to put in a primary care physician, even though it is a PPO, they still want one. Um, and, uh, but hypothetically speaking, um, you can, you do, you still have a doctor network like an HMO. You just have access outside of the doctor network. So it doesn't really mean that you can see whoever you want to see that the, if it's a doctor outside of the network, they have to agree to bill to human or care plus. Okay. But let's just, let me, let me take a look and see what your options are here. Um, you did listen to that recorded message. Did you understand the, did you understand, agreed to the disclaimer about calls and texts? Yes. Okay. And do I have your permission to discuss Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare Supplements, prescription drug plans, dental vision, and other ancillary plans, such as cancer, heart attack and stroke as needed today? Okay. Awesome. And does anybody help you with your medical decision making like a power of attorney? Okay. All right. So that's it on my housekeeping. Um, I do need to access your Medicare profile. I know you're new to Medicare, but I just have to verify your profile. All the things. It's part of my process. Um, so do you have your red, white and blue Medicare ID card? By any chance? You do? You don't know where it is. Okay. You just don't know where it is. Okay. Okay. Well, that's fine. I can look it up. Um, so I'm going to read you a brief statement. You are under no obligation to enroll, but I will need your consent to the statement before. Um, I'm a clear match. Medicare, which is an insurance brokerage. It's a brokerage. We're a brokerage. So I have access to more than, you know, I have access to most of the carriers, um, beginning carriers that are offering in your area. Um, hold on just a second. Um, bear with me for a second. All right. So, um, okay, I'm going to continue reading what I was reading. Okay. I'm going to read you a brief statement. You are under no obligation to enroll, but I will need your consent to the statement before proceeding with plan presentation. I mean, I, I don't, but I'm just continuing the process. So, I can, I can continue your policy as well. Okay.

Customer-Channel 0(LEFT):  Hi, I'm sorry I didn't get your name. Hi, Laura Baker. My name is Doria Boschner. D-O-R-I-A, B-B-O-S-H, and an N-A-C-K. Okay, Laura. I'm shopping because I'm already on A and B and I need a, I guess my, you know, I need something and I was looking under, but don't hold me to it because nothing is good. I can't get online to really actually see really good. So my question is with Humana. What does it mean when it says medical and R-I need drug? I mean, I'm on A and B, I just got on in February. Just did it, but in the beginning, I know, but there's many issues that I have. I don't really, I had doctors. I don't have it. My whole family, we're in Bevard County. My whole family goes with care plus, tightest fill. They like this doctor or whatever. Mine, I had a couple. I don't, so I'm not really with somebody like I've had them, but I don't have a primary. And I really wanted to not get, but I do want an advantage, but somebody that I kind of like the doctor and they said they don't take advantage, but it's stupid. Like they want supplement. I don't, I don't know. They would take supplement, but I'm not wearing because I don't, I don't, I can change. I just want to get right away on something and I need to ask you what medical and R-X drug drug coverage is because it's like a PPO. I more or less want a PPO, but I want zero. Like I don't want to pay anything, but I don't want, you know, I'm shopping like a champagne, but if you can understand, I want a, okay, okay, all right. Can I ask you one question first? What does it mean when it says medical and R-X drug coverage? Is that good for me? Okay, all right, and now I'll go with you, whatever. I'm looking at it and yes, Yes. But it has a premium, but it's a low one, but it's a pepia, like I know some are, I know I was looking at them too, but I don't know why I can't, like maybe this one says maximum out of pocket, 3,400, like when you look at the other ones, I'm not sure why with the zeros, but I mean, I would like the zero, 32927, no, I have Medicare, I have AMB, well this is what I need you to do first, please, if you can help me, then I'll go, I'm really trying to shop, but I really want it, like I want to pick, I want to pick something because I would love a zero drug plan, but I prefer a pepia because I don't have a dot, I have to pick, I don't really, if my first choice would definitely be pepia zero, but that don't mean that's where I'm going to end up, I was looking at Humana, PPO, oh you're not done yet with me, okay, but it's not that I'm actually picking anything today, I'm just shopping, right, okay, what is the disclaimer, like what is it, oh god, okay, but yes, perfect, okay, go ahead, we're all at 2859, thank you, yes, 32927, yes, and you call me at this one, 321, 305, 60, zero, 97, that's for cool, yes, yes, the first one if you can do the Humana one is good, because that's one of them that I'm questioning, what it is, sorry, okay, okay, yes, okay, I hope so, yeah, okay, who are they, who are they going to, I mean, which one are they going to go, okay, okay, yeah, to start me because I just want to see, yeah, that'll tell me after I see what this one, I mean, I don't want the 20, I mean, you know, I like the zero, because I know everybody has care plus over here, so, I don't know, that's what they got, I need Rx, I need, okay, but I don't really want to pick a primary, because I don't, I don't want, that's the issue right now, so I need, like this one, I'm thinking I don't have to, say that again, I'm sorry, can you say that, you're sorry, you got me, Laura, okay, yeah, what's that 240 deductible, okay, yeah, I'm probably not going to go with a PPO, but I was as curious about this one, that I just overlooked, and I, like I said, I'm struggling because I don't have the computer that I need right now, and I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't much, it's very hard, I'm very angry, it's like so, but, okay, yeah, but that ain't me, what I need to ask you one more question before you transfer me, how do I get a Hamanna directory? I have to be signed up for it, you would, because I know, like I'm ready to say whatever, I'm just, okay, you're the best, okay, Laura, thank you, all righty, yes, a directory, so I could see what Hamanna, you know, provider, that I can pick, you know, make it easy and pick somebody in network, you know what I mean, like, and it, will it tell me what the hospital's, you know what I mean, I need something that has everything available, okay, thank you, Laura, bye, yeah, all right, you have to go, a little slower with me, I didn't even hear what you said, your name was, baby, three, two, nine, two, seven, but Vard, County, Florida, Coco, two, eight, five, nine, Doria, Bosnack, I'm trying to get information, I mean, if we get disconnected, call me back, I get you, I mean, I'm trying to answer a question on Hamanna, and I say, all my information, I don't know whatever else, I didn't know it took this long, trying to, no, it's okay, I'm trying to shop, and I need to finish this up, and like I said, struggling with a computer at this time is making things very hard for me, because I can't compare, I can't, you know, I don't, I wouldn't know a doctor, I don't know how to explain what I'm trying to say, I know some people, it doesn't matter to them, but to me, I like to have, like I said, right now, my, I can't, I don't have access where it's making it easier for me to, like all I have to do, you know, was look it up, I mean, I was looking one up, and it was H728-007, it's a monthly plan of $25, but I really can't get all the info, info about it, so I was trying to see if somebody can help me with that, okay, I like to have it all, but I need it in front of me, and there's no way, you're going to talk to me, you're going to tell me, but it's not as, you know, the dragon, no, the old dragon, the old school way that you had it in front of you, and you could read it, and see it, and read it, go back, and read it again, like I said, if my computer was working right, you know, better at this time, I could do it, but it's hard, so I have to depend on anybody that can help me, I don't want to, I only reason why I asked for a PPO, I know it, everything is higher, which I probably don't need, but I don't want to do the referral bits, that right now it's easier if I didn't have to go through the referral bit, you know what I mean, but I know I'm going to probably end up with HM, I probably gonna, because I don't want to pay a premium, you know, I don't want to get quoted 100 and something down, I'm looking at something that says 25, and I don't know what that, I mean, how bad could that be? Everybody in my family, and when I say FAM, they're old, they're in their 80s, they've been on this for a while, they have care plus, what I should do is probably just go on that, but I'm trying to just feel out a couple other ones that are comparable, you know, like, but we live in Coco, we're all here, and they all probably go to the same doctor, they all, whatever, and I'm not really there yet, I don't really know if I can get that doctor, you know what I'm saying, my doctor, you know what I mean? So, I was looking at PPO, I could take who I want, right? I mean, I can go to any, now, that you can call her tax, even if I'm saying, you know, it's not on whatever, that you can still call in tax, yes, no, I do, I mean, I have one, I don't, yeah, I have one, but I don't have it with me right now, but I have one, I'm not enrolling today, but you can read whatever you want, but I'm not going to do it today, I'm just trying to shop around and get your help to, are you medic, who are you? I forgot where you were, what's clear, Matt? All right, you know what, it's taken longer, so forget everything, it doesn't matter, all I wanted was a simple question it, and I didn't have to go through all to everybody else, so it doesn't matter, I'll figure, I know, it doesn't matter, I'll figure out what this plan is,